# 391 - A Path Faster Than the Shortcut

It's not easy to surpass my former self from the bad ending route, when I was "Marine Who Loves All-In Strength One-Hit Characters."

That was essentially a route where the world had already been destroyed.
A world-line that grew wildly off-track, deviating from the normal growth trajectory.
It consumed even the elements necessary for the world's proper existence as growth materials, and amid the chaos, violated all taboos without hesitation to pump up growth stats.
The strength achieved as a result can only be far greater than the normal ending.

'So ordinary growth can't beat my bad ending self! I'm really amazing!'

My moment of self-satisfaction was brief.
I quickly realized how challenging it would be to set my past self as both enemy and goal.

"Hmm."

I can't just snap off a branch from the World Tree to make Mithril Bane, or mine the ore forming the bottom of the Great Mine to create Immortal Armor.
Tampering with the sacred artifacts or divine objects of elves or dwarves would ruin relations with an entire race.
When a race is backed into a corner, their racial quest automatically accelerates, and events that could lead to extinction start ticking away without the player's knowledge.

And when the time comes?
It explodes with a bang, becoming a nightmare called "bad luck."

'Is this why it's easier to live badly and harder to live well? Being a good child is really difficult!'

I was so nice to Dobi, but my "scary child" score just kept rising.
Hmph, hmph.

"Hmmmm."

So does good child Oknodie have no way to defeat bad child Marine Who Loves All-In Strength One-Hit Characters?
Actually, that's not entirely true.
There is a way.
It's an extremely difficult and arduous path, but its peak potential is clearly higher.
Marine Who Loves All-In Strength One-Hit Characters only pumped up one strength stat to an incredible degree through various cheating plays and gained abilities that affect attack power coefficients.
Not all abilities were developed evenly.
That's why, despite having tremendous strength, he had to stick to a build that risked his life on a single strike.

'If you build up enough stats to survive one hit, your strength experience points get cut in half, and you'll have to face my counterattack!'

But I shouldn't become Marine Who Loves Absolute Invincible Iron Wall Defense either.
In a battle between an all-piercing spear and an all-blocking shield, you can't block a spear powered by dishonest methods.
What's needed here is the royal path.
Sometimes what looks like a shortcut isn't the fastest way—proving that the orthodox method of taking the long way around is actually the quickest path.
And what's the orthodox method in this game?
Hexagonal abilities!
With a sturdy body, you can exert stronger force multiple times, and with greater agility, the efficiency of your strength increases.

'Of course, to raise all abilities, I need to collect everything for the compendium!'

I jumped up with clenched fists and made eye contact with Zuang, who was sitting on the windowsill.

"Hello?"
"Hi there!"
"Oknodie has many worries today, I see."
"Worries? They're solved now!"
"Really? That's good. Then can you listen to your next-door friend's worries too?"
"Next door?"
"Hestia."
"What about Hestia?"
"She's depressed because she can't talk to your hat friend. She asked me since I'm closest to you. Wait—closest? Best friend? I'm not sure what that means, but I came to help because she called me that. But is it true?"
"Huh?"
"Am I really Oknodie's best friend, Titosogaya?"

Gasp.
Suddenly a question as difficult as "Do you like mom or dad better"?!

"Of course Zuang is my best friend!"
"I believed in you."

Zuang smiled prettily like a doll.
Behind her back, I heard the sound of someone sheathing a dagger.
Well, I can do my compendium collection with Hestia this time!

"She really has thick nerves," muttered the Second Hat Guy in amazement.

* * *

Hestia once seriously considered quitting the "Paper Dungeon Exploration Team" club, suspecting that her seniors only cared about strength rather than genuine human relationships.
She thought that Oknodie, being stronger than her and suited for adventure, wouldn't be the type to judge people solely on their performance.

'With Oknodie, I thought I could do better in this club. But...'

She was quite shocked to learn that Oknodie's plant friend with a soul was just a baby mandrake, and that she had spent all night talking with the Second Hat Guy.
At this point, she couldn't even be sure if Santa Claus was real!

'Can I still get along well with Oknodie...?'

Even her firm belief that Oknodie was a good child was beginning to waver.
She wanted something—anything—to believe in.

"Hestia~ Let's skip club activities this week!"

Oknodie made this bold proposal to Hestia in front of the club room.

"Is that allowed? Club rules usually require a fine for unauthorized absences."
"Let's ask the club president!"

*Slide!*

When Oknodie energetically opened the door, the seniors who had been gathered near the entrance eavesdropping quickly pretended to be busy, like students pretending to study in front of their mothers.

"Is the Paper Company president here?"
"The president isn't here."
"What? That can't be. How could someone who can't study, has given up on advancing grades, and lives for club points not be at the club?"

At Oknodie's childishly brutal facts, several seniors flinched noticeably and hung their heads.

"It's true. The president went to the professor's lab again today and hasn't returned."
"As a test subject?"
"...Couldn't you at least call him a research assistant? Tsk. I wonder why that stupid human suddenly started getting perfect scores and got snatched up by the professor."
"Then please tell him we went out to play!"
"Ah, yeah. Sure. Have fun."

A senior who rarely attended club activities clicked his tongue and sauntered out.

"The world's gone mad. A freshman openly says they're going to skip, and you just let them go? You don't deserve your second-year badges—URGH!"

Seeing this, another second-year senior delivered a jet kick to his side, and as he fell, everyone rushed over to stomp on him while shouting.

"Shut your mouth, you crazy bastard!!"
"What do you know?! You barely show up to the club yourself!"
"This person's opinion does not represent the official stance of us second-years. Please don't misunderstand, junior."
"Seriously, who does he think he is, provoking the freshman we were told not to touch? Crazy guy."

This was the influence of Mandela Castella, the second-year class president, who had left instructions.
Oknodie merely felt disappointed, remembering how fun it had been to occasionally beat up the incompetent second-years who tried to challenge her.

"So what are you planning to do instead of club activities? You're known as the academy's most diligent student."
"I want to collect items for my compendium that I can't usually gather!"
"Food?"

Hestia licked her lips.

"Nope!"

Fortunately, Oknodie's backpack was already full of food.
The future of the food compendium looked bright.

"Insect collection?"
"Nope!"

It wasn't the weather for insects to be out anyway.

"Then what are we doing?"
"Medicinal herb collection!"
"...In this winter?"
"There are greenhouses and hothouses!"
"Well, herbs would grow well in such places."

Hestia nodded in understanding but then paused as she noticed something odd.

"Greenhouses? Hothouses? That means someone is cultivating those herbs."
"Of course! Herbs need constant care or they'll wither and lose their medicinal properties."
"That's stealing!"

Hestia's point was valid.
She was already worried about Oknodie becoming a bad child, and now she was openly proposing theft!
She had heard rumors that Oknodie did various mischievous things when no one was watching, but Hestia had grown up facing unfair persecution just for being in the Berserker class.
She was someone who dismissed others' evaluations and rumors, judging only by what she personally saw and heard.

"Oknodie. I trusted you, but how could you suggest doing something so wrong!"
"Eh...? I only suggested gathering herbs... why am I being scolded...?"
"Don't try to gloss over this with that innocent tone. At eleven, you're practically an adult. If you get caught stealing, they'll cut off your hands!"

Oknodie replied with a face that screamed injustice.

"But—"
"No excuses. Are you saying what you did was right? Could you say that before a judge in court? If bad adults catch you, you won't even make it to court—you'll be caught on the street and suffer even worse!"

Seeming to realize that Hestia was scolding her out of genuine concern, Oknodie hung her head low and fidgeted with her fingers.
Seeing this, Hestia's heart softened, and she generously offered a compromise.

"I know you have Professor Bronze as your mentor. But even though she's a noble thief, what crime have the herb growers committed? You shouldn't do this, if only out of respect for their hard work."
"Hmph..."
"Answer like an adult."
"Hmph, ma'am."

Seeing Oknodie's pouting face, Hestia sensed something.

"Is the owner of that herb garden a bad person?"
"Yes! A very bad person!"
"Who is it?"
"A mean professor who promises rewards for growing good herbs but only gives measly points and takes all the herbs for himself!"
"What a real jerk. Wait, professor?"
"Professor Red Mountain who teaches the second-year production department course 'Let's Try Growing Medicinal Herbs'!"
"You want to steal from a professor?"
"Technically, it's the final projects that students will submit!"
"...But then the students would suffer."
"If everyone gets robbed equally, the professor's poor management will be recognized, and they'll get higher grades!"

Hmm... at that point, can we really call her a bad child?
Persuaded that this was precariously close to being a good deed, Hestia finally agreed to participate in the theft.