# Library Archives

"What kind of ridiculous skill is that?"

Did she immediately notice how overpowered it was?
Zuang's lips protruded in a pout.

"You just synchronize your feet with a distant space and stomp on it? That's completely broken."

Honestly, I have nothing to say.
It is broken, after all.

"You can do it too if your spatial aptitude exceeds 1000 points!"
"How do you raise that aptitude?"
"You need innate genius talent for spatial aptitude!"
"...And if you don't have that talent?"
"I guess you'd have to experience relevant environments, like with other attribute resistances? For spatial aptitude, you'd need to experience various spaces."

Spaces with high humidity.
Spaces with high ozone levels.
Spaces with high heat.
There are many spaces one could experience.

"How many such spaces would I need to experience?"
"At least 1000!"
"And the maximum?"
"100,000!"
"I give up."

Zuang cleanly dusted off her hands.
A wise decision.

"Everyone has their own aptitudes. Fortunately, the fox-masked assassin lady gives up quickly."

As Senior Velvet approached, dragging the bloodied Tetrapos behind her, Zuang pressed her mask firmly against her face.
It was a desperate struggle to hide her frightened expression before someone powerful.
It's not easy to remain composed in front of someone who could crush you with just a twitch of their foot.

"Senior Velvet. Are you going to attack us too for violating school rules by leaving the dormitory during curfew to go to the library?"
"Me? Attack you? Why?"
"You did that to that senior because they violated school rules, right?"
"This one's a third-year. You're first-years. No matter how much you break the rules, I wouldn't beat you to a pulp like this."

The Tetrapos in Senior Velvet's hand swung left and right demonstratively.

"There seems to be a big misunderstanding. The student council doesn't consider you evil."
"Really?"
"What crime is there in being curious? If you open a forbidden book that shouldn't be opened, you'll only end up hurting yourself."
"..."
"The student council's rules are merely minimal safety measures to protect lower-grade students. The moment this line breaks, the difference between inside and outside the Academy disappears. We are the guardians who protect the order of this Academy, so don't be too hostile toward the student council."
"Yes!"

Seeing me respond so agreeably, Zuang stared at me as if thinking this wasn't like Oknodie at all.
My hand flailed around behind my back, searching for Zuang's hand, and finally caught it.

"!"

Zuang looked surprised.
When I nudged her to open her hand, her fingers spread apart cautiously like a frightened virgin on her wedding night.
I wiggled my fingers diligently on her surprisingly soft palm, writing:

-Let's get the senior to leave first

Is she saying that no matter what the senior says, if I just agree, we can escape this nightmarish time and crisis?
Understanding my intention, Zuang raised her finger and pressed it against my palm.
Then she twisted the flesh and pinched it.

"Ouch."
"My, it seems the little miss from the Foundation is injured."
"N-no, that's not it, ouch."
"Unlike the rumors about your extraordinary ability to endure pain, you're surprisingly honest with your emotions. Hm. I don't dislike such honest children."

Pinching me twice.
Zuang, you'll pay for this later!

"It was bad of Oknodie to play around and joke."
"Ugh. It wasn't a joke!"

Senior Velvet showed curiosity at our bickering, apparently thinking we were talking about the previous fight.

"Yes... shoes. I definitely heard shoe sounds from some vent. Was that you calling me?"
"Yes!"
"I'm surprised a third-year would talk about me to first-years. Isn't it embarrassing to reveal to juniors that you lost to a peer?"
"Because you're incredibly strong, senior!"
"I'm still just a frog in a well. At least in this Academy, there are at least three students stronger than me."

Her confident attitude, claiming only three people in the entire fourth-year class surpassed her, might seem arrogant, but she truly is powerful.
It wasn't for nothing that I considered the Andersen heir of Seogwiyeon and the Five Fools to have made a poor choice.
Voluntarily choosing to become a mining slave to such a terrifying senior—when they could never escape by force, how did they plan to get free later?

"Well, this must be fate. As a reward for helping capture a wanted student, I'll give you a small gift."

Senior Velvet manipulated something on her magic watch and handed it to us.

[Student Council member Velvet has provided an opportunity for a <Student Council Tour>.]
[30 days remaining until expiration.]

"Thank you!"
"You're saying all the right things. Unlike during the sports festival."
"Hehe."
"If higher-grade wanted criminals bother you in the future, report to the student council with your magic watch. If you only hear footsteps, other student council members coming to help might run away too."
"Yes!"
"Don't struggle so much that you end up covered in blood. If you happen to run into a lunatic and suddenly die, you're the only one who loses, right? Thinking about it makes me more upset."

An alert sounded from Senior Velvet's watch as she repeatedly slammed the poor Senior Tetrapos against the wall.

"Oh right, look at me. I forgot I need to go work on an assignment. Well then, little misses, enjoy your night play in moderation."
"Yes!"

After my compliant responses, the senior soon left through the portal.
Zuang, who had been watching cautiously, carefully lifted her mask after a long while.

"That was a scary senior."
"Right?"
"It's also scary that third-years have to do assignments at this hour."
"That is scary too!"
"Let's gather the kids."

At Zuang's urging, we regrouped Dorothy's faction and Irene's faction, who had scattered along the way.

"Oh my god, Oknodie! You're completely covered in blood!"
"This? It's fine. It doesn't hurt at all!"
"It looks extremely painful!!"

Dorothy was horrified.

"That senior, to do this to a child..."
"Irene? I'm completely fine!"
"...Right. You always have to be fine. Because you're the Foundation's top scholarship student. I'm sorry for saying something awful."
"???"

Irene seemed more distressed herself.
I played hard and collected plenty of blood, but why is everyone acting like this?

"It's because of the blood splattered on your body."
"But it's not even my blood?"
"Even if it's someone else's blood, most people would worry about that much bleeding."
"Really? No one's ever worried about it before."

During my <I Love All-Strength One-Hit Characters Marine> days, I only received suspicious glances wondering if that monster would actually fall from this much blood loss, not concern.

"Actually, I was the same. My master told me not to be a crybaby."
"Right? That's normal, isn't it?"
"Hehe. That's right. We're the normal ones."

We reconciled, feeling a sense of kinship again as if we'd never fought.

"Eeeek! Oknodie has become a ghost!!"
"Oww! My eyes!!"
"Take this, white light that puts ghosts to rest!!!"

Son O-cheon and Titoso, who joined last, were attacked with eye-searing light by the group.
Thanks to borrowing Senior Tetrapos's power to sweep away the boss mob, all paths were now open.
Rubbing our stinging eyes as we moved forward, we finally completed all the quiz gateways.

[Quiz Corner! You have completed the surprise event.]
[Intelligence experience points increased by 10 as a reward.]

[You have reached the library before becoming second-years.]
[You acquire 10,000 points as an early arrival reward.]
[The loyalty of organization members who participated in the expedition has increased.]

All the organization members were delighted as they looked at their magic watches.

"Points came in for completing the challenge."
"Must be a hidden reward from the Academy."
"I heard third-years have an art room too. Should we sneak in there later?"

I tightened the reins of tension that had loosened while the organization members casually planted death flags.

"Don't get too comfortable, everyone. The reason the path to the library is treacherous is because the library itself is that dangerous—the gateways are meant to filter out those without the skills to overcome them!"
"Even more than this...?"
"Maybe we should just go back now that we've seen the library...?"
"If we return books late, do they take organs as payment...?"

The previously excited organization members' morale visibly dropped.
Their anxiety grew suddenly!
Hector, who had been quietly freeloading, stepped forward.

"We've come this far comfortably thanks to you. I appreciate that. From here, we'll act separately."

Hector's divine group, who had been rescued along with the members of the Play-with-Oknodie Organization, parted ways in front of the library.

"Go ahead!"
"Though you're our enemies, I'll repay today's debt someday."

The place Hector's divine group headed was the library's <General Archives>.

"What's with those guys? They split off acting all cool, but won't we just meet them again inside looking for books?"
"Pfft. That would be so embarrassing."

It seemed like an amusing farce even to Titoso, who laughed brightly, but to my experienced eyes, it looked like a very sad and pitiful tragedy.

"Sigh. Newbies always do that when they take the lead."
"Oknodie. Is something wrong?"
"General archives by whose standards?"
"Um... students?"
"What's the minimum grade level of students who enter here?"
"S-second year..."

Titoso's complexion turned pale.

"Then can they... make it out alive?"
"Only if the bookshelf they stepped into is one of the easier ones!"
"Then where are we going?"

Jaku scolded Titoso as if he was stating the obvious.

"We came to get fairy tales, so obviously we should go to the 'Children's Archives.'"
"No! We're going to the 'Archaeology' archives!"
"Why would you get fairy tales from the archaeology section?"
"Fairies can only read picture books!"
"...Aren't there picture books in the children's section too?"
"The art style is different!"

If it's not the art style they're used to, they can't adapt!