# 68 - Have a Kinder Heart

Reckless competition between the frontier and the empire puts humanity's future at risk.
The culture of hatred and contempt led by adults is wrong, and all students must unite and work together to survive.

"Did you get shot in the head?"
"Does it hurt a lot?"

Even friends who would normally say such things readily agreed with William's opinion.

"I get it."
"If it means ending this hellish lecture, I could even praise those imperial bastards as noble."
"Sigh... Oknodie. She's really just a kid so I can't say much, but I just want to..."

Students returning from the obstacle course limped back, collapsing helplessly on the open ground or leaning against trees. The atmosphere resembled a medical tent on a battlefield with wounded soldiers who couldn't all be accommodated, but in reality, it was just the instructor taking shelter in a tent from the sun while the students were abandoned outside.

"Instructor, can we come inside too?"
"Absolutely not."
"We're exhausted... We want to rest in the shade..."
"Go under the trees."
"The stronger kids have taken all the spots under the trees."

The instructor turned to look at the student who raised the objection with a cold face.
For a moment, his eyes showed a pang of conscience, but he quickly turned away as if steeling his resolve.

"These are Professor Evening Shooter's orders."
"Are you just a puppet who can't make your own judgment without the professor's orders?"

William, in his frustration, ended up provoking the instructor.
Everyone around was shocked by this bold action, but the instructor's expression only grew more miserable.

"Look under that tree. How does it look?"
"It looks cool."
"It's even cooler inside the tent. There's a cooling magic spell cast as payment for helping the wizard students with their chores."
"..."

What is this? Is he bragging?

"If survival of the fittest is happening for the shade under the trees, do you think it would be any different inside the tent?"
"!"

The students were shaken by the instructor's sudden point.
It's convincing!

"Even if I opened the tent, only those already enjoying the coolness would feel even cooler. You still wouldn't be able to get in. This tent only seats four."
"We could take turns, three at a time!"

To William's protest, the instructor laughed at his naivety, saying he knew he would say that.

"Fairness, that's nice. But what if students with superior skills and better records object that superior talents deserve superior benefits?"
"You're the instructor, so you should figure something out!"
"I see. Then when I retire from the Academy due to old age, will you protect me from the revenge of resentful student families? 'Fairly'?"
"...You're the instructor, so please figure something out!"
"No. I have no intention of sacrificing my precious privileges to indulge the whining of kids who won't take responsibility for my retirement. Feel the pain of your skin burning in the scorching sun."

Zip.
The instructor zipped up the tent and went back inside.
Despite his annoying behavior, the students couldn't bring themselves to call him a selfish adult.
Even they were somehow afraid to defy the noble students from the Empire.

"Should we watch the students who haven't run yet...?"
"Yeah..."


* *


William and his friends from Group A were watching us with faces twice as tired, like adults who had tasted the bitterness of society.

'What's wrong with them? Are the imperial bastards taunting them, saying if there's no water, they should just drink iced Americanos?'

Having experienced it myself, that was quite infuriating.
Even in front of a giant standing 230cm tall, provocatively slurping an iced Americano is something you have to acknowledge.
How can poor commoners with less power and authority handle these crazy imperial bastards who provoke even when faced with fists that are closer than the law?

"Next group. Those whose names are called, step forward."
"Skola. Live. Carnegie. Mob. Oknodie."

Five students stood in a line with spaces between them in front of a line drawn with tree branches.
It was a competition combining obstacle running and moving target shooting.
The scores on the scoreboard for each student were so miserable it was embarrassing to look at.

[Student: Papi]
[Running: -7 points (feet too slow)]
[Obstacles: -23 points (hit too many obstacles)]
[Accuracy: -2 points (missed more targets than hit)]
[Composure: +5 points (quickly passed missed targets)]
[Technique: +1 point (somewhat acceptable)]
[Total: -26 points (Is this really a student?)]

Poor Papi.
But it's probably okay since the scores of other students listed next to him are even worse?

"We must avoid the 'Is this really a student' score range!"
"It's better than the 'First to die on the battlefield' score that appears below -30 points, right?"
"There's a perception-reducing spell cast from the middle of the course, so you can't see the course. What's beyond the halfway point of the obstacle course?"

Unlike the students gripped by fear, Skola, descendant of the divine archer, calmly held a bow without string or body.
It's an overpowered bow that can create arrows from mana, granted to descendants of divine archers.

'Didn't he have something strange attached to his eyes?'

Something like the eyes of the firing line.
It's an unfairly advantageous eye that lets him say things like "I can see the curve..."
When he holds the bow and aims, he can instantly predict where the arrow will hit, like having a laser pointer visible only to his eyes—how can anyone compete with that?

"Oknodie. Don't be too nervous."
"Me?"
"Losing to the strong is not shameful. Don't think about competition, just focus on doing your best. Focus on having an archer's mindset rather than winning or losing."

But this kid is a bit annoying.

"Let me go over the rules one more time. Clear the obstacles as quickly as possible, try to hit all targets, and make an effort to reach the finish line quickly."
"Keep these three points in mind and do your best to finish faster than others."
"Well, it's just a competition worth 10% of your midterm grade. Don't be too nervous, just try to act like a normal person."

The instructor gave some halfhearted encouragement and was about to blow the whistle when he pulled it away with an "Ah" and added:

"Still, other instructors and students are watching, so try to show a somewhat impressive performance."
"For your information, the students watching us from over there are third-year seniors taking 'Jeneger's Tactics' class, and they're taking a test to predict the order of records for each of your groups."
"If I were you, I'd create a pleasant surprise for those who expect me to come in last, and ruin the seniors' grades."
"..."

After adding as much pressure as possible until the last moment, the instructor blew the whistle.
Pababat!
As I ran hard across the course, surprisingly, everyone kept up at a decent pace in the running portion.

'Is it because archers are weak in close combat?'

When wandering around as an adventurer, you often meet archers with poor stamina who get out of breath after walking a short distance, hiding behind others and shooting arrows that end up hitting allies' backs. But as expected of the world's best academy, there were no such useless ranged dealers here.

'But why were their grades so terrible?'

The reason became clear with the first obstacle course.

"Oh no, it's a swamp!"

The swamp area, made by mixing sand and mud with water, made feet sink with each step, trapping people and wasting a lot of time.

"My foot is stuck!"
"Aaaah! Help me!"

Hearing the screams from lanes 3 and 4, Live in lane 2 turned around in panic.

"Skola, shouldn't we help them?"
"Focus on the competition, Live. This is a record competition."

Though heartless, Skola's approach was correct.
In a record competition, you only need to take care of yourself.
This isn't a three-legged race, so why worry about the person next to you?
There's no need to look after them anyway.

"Damn... lane 2 is a bust again."
"I invested poorly."
"Look at the ground properly! There's a rope you can grab to pull yourself out!"
"Run, you slow number 4!"
"Haha, number 4 came in last as expected. He looked the most pathetic, and as Professor of Physiognomy taught us, face reading never lies!"

The senior students who had picked their candidates were shouting advice from afar, hoping their choices would achieve the desired results.

"Lane 5, Oknodie! How is the top student falling behind! If you don't come in first and make me lose my 500 points, I won't let you off!"
"?"

But there's always someone who crosses the line.
I stopped in my tracks and ran back.

"Hey, hey!! Are you messing with me right now?!"

Ignoring the senior's surprised outcry, I threw a rope to Mob, who was still struggling in the swamp in lane 4.

"Mob. Grab this and get out."
"O-Oknodie? Weren't you way ahead?"
"Of course I came back to help you."
"What do you mean 'of course,' you idiot? If you do that, you'll ruin your record!"
"We're in the same Group A, aren't we? Members of the same group should help each other!"
"Oknodie...!"
"It's okay. It's not like I'll die from getting a lower grade on a test that's only worth 10%!"

In this competition, the reward for first place is only 100 points.

'I have a slightly more spiteful purpose too.'

By giving up those 100 points, I can make the senior who spoke rudely to me lose 500 points.
Moreover, if I can just get Mob, whom everyone expected to come in last, up to third place, all the tactical studies seniors watching will fail their first-year record prediction test.
A veteran player doesn't fight against fellow classmates.
I'm going to fight against the seniors who dared to insult me through ranking manipulation!