# 401 - Practical Lecture on Naval Combat

"...After confirming, such an incident did occur."
"This is troublesome."

Gisele sent someone to investigate what happened when Mob fainted and didn't return.
It took time to get an honest report because the person involved was deeply embarrassed, but thanks to using points as bait to extract a statement, Gisele was able to grasp the situation.

"Dobi awakened to a rather unsettling 'Fear Inducement' ability strong enough to take down Xing, and Oknodie took the baby kraken without submitting it to the student council... Perhaps the immoral activities we suspected never happened."

Upon hearing Gisele's words, Isabel and Son O-cheon, who had rushed over after hearing that Oknodie was in trouble, looked at him with displeased expressions.

"So you're saying we shouldn't slice up this Dobi guy with a meat cleaver?"
"Of course not. Do you want to become the proprietor of a human flesh restaurant frequented by demons?"
"If the little mouse wasn't sexually exploited, then why is she carrying around that baby kraken?"
"There's a common legend about the sea. While pirates may be known as the terror of the sea's surface, the horror that approaches from beneath the water is the deep-sea monster known as the Kraken."

After spending several months with Oknodie and coming to understand her somewhat, Gisele reached the following conclusion:

"Dobi used Fear Inducement. The young lady took a symbol of fear. This suggests some kind of transaction took place between them."
"What kind of transaction?"
"Perhaps Oknodie cooperated by kidnapping the Kraken, the master of fear, so Dobi could use it as an experimental subject to train his 'Fear Inducement' ability against higher beings by instilling fear in them. In return, Dobi pledged his loyalty and the power he gained to Oknodie."

Indeed, information had been received that Dobi had sworn an oath of loyalty to Oknodie.
Dobi himself was going around saying that he established a doomsday cult to be of use to Oknodie.

"But why does this need to be done in swimwear behind a curtain?"

Even Gisele struggled to answer Isabel's sharp question.

"That... is something I don't understand either."
"Let me give you my thoughts this time."

Isabel interpreted the incident more simply.

"Whatever the reason, Dobi deserves to die by my hand. Let's go beat him up right now."
"Uhahah! I like that idea. Let's do it."

The number of simple-minded, reckless fools has doubled.
Gisele gave a bitter smile but sympathized with their feelings.
Whatever the reason, he also wanted to teach Dobi a lesson.

"Regardless of the reason, Oknodie has secured a baby kraken. There would be no reason to acquire it if she didn't plan to use it. Now that the capture has been discovered, the seniors will try to retrieve it from Oknodie. She'll make her move before next week begins."
"So what?"
"If Dobi truly moves for Oknodie's sake, once we leak this information, he'll definitely act according to our wishes. To maintain his claim of helping Oknodie."

By exploiting Oknodie's situation and leaking information, they could lure Dobi to a desired location at a desired time.

"Since he's an opponent who even defeated Xing, we should be fully prepared to overwhelm him. With this method, I can help you, and you'll get your chance for satisfying revenge."

Gisele's narrowed eyes flashed coldly.

"Is this satisfactory?"

Isabel put her bone-cutting knife back into its storage case with a chilling smile.

"I'm satisfied. Completely."


* * *


The revenge using Professor Red Mountain had failed.
Orcatch had lost his prized possession.

"A first-year student who couldn't be dealt with even using a professor... is revenge really possible against such a person...?"

No, he couldn't let his resolve weaken.
Hadn't that person stolen his precious mandrake?

"Boss, the spy plant brought information. Someone called Gisele the Dark Merchant plans to lure Dobi, the High Priest of the Doomsday Cult, into a trap using Oknodie's name."
"When and where?"
"Tomorrow at 9 PM. At the riverside embankment, far from the lecture hall, when Oknodie goes to attend her lecture."

Opportunities indeed come to those who don't give up.
Orcatch clenched his fist.

"How many people are participating in this operation?"
"Almost all the senior experts from the organization that hangs around Oknodie, plus the skilled members of the Dark Merchant Guild."
"Excellent. An excellent opportunity has arrived."
"Boss, what are you thinking?"
"Don't you understand yet? At that time, during the lecture, despite it being a weekend, all those people who normally stick to Oknodie like glue will be distracted by that admirable Dobi."

"You mean to strike at Oknodie during that opportunity?!"

The club member was aghast and tried to stop him.

"But it's during lecture time! Instructors will be present, and professors will be watching. There will be watchers even more dangerous than the first-year senior class students."

Injuries during lectures are also the professor's responsibility.
It's the professor's duty to protect students to avoid responsibility.
For every lecture, points needed for treating injuries outside the regulated methods must be covered by the professor.
If such a humiliating situation occurs, the professor won't stand idle, and the instructors will grit their teeth to protect the first-years to avoid being blamed.

'No matter how blinded by revenge, there's no way a plant club that's not even combat-related could handle such forces!'

The club member's assessment was only half correct.

"When did I say I would act directly?"

There were already people who could take revenge on his behalf.

"The students attending the 'Let's Try Growing Medicinal Herbs' lecture whose herbs were stolen. The assistants from the laboratory where Oknodie stole the baby kraken. Professor Red Mountain's assistants and instructors."

Not just one or two, but dozens of people who all harbor grudges against Oknodie.

"No matter how much the instructors try to protect her, if all these people are determined to target only Oknodie, they won't be able to stop it."
"Whoa! When did the boss become so smart?"
"That's not all. While everyone is keeping Oknodie occupied, we'll infiltrate the first-year dormitory. And I'll reclaim the rare plant that should have been mine."

Orcatch, the plant club president who had his baby mandrake plundered, has finally drawn his long-awaited blade of revenge.


* * *


━━━
[Naval Combat ①]
-Saturday 9AM~1PM
-Professor: El Draco
-Adventure Department, Liberal Arts
━━━

The long-awaited lecture time approached.

"Muoooong!"

Clunk, clunk, clunk!
The baby kraken in the box let out an angry "muoong."
The excuse she had given to the instructors and professors who approached her while transporting the dangerous monster had caused problems.

"You're carrying it around as food?"
"Yep! Octopus tastes best when eaten as sashimi when fresh, right? Since it regenerates a bit after being cut, I want to slice it up and eat it whenever I feel like it!"
"How cruel..."

The professor, who had approached out of concern for student safety, instead clicked his tongue in pity for the baby kraken in the box.

"It's rare for someone to be acknowledged for cruelty by the pirate El Draco. Remember this well. You're a rookie with the qualities of a great pirate that I've recognized."
"Thank you?"
"Tsk. If this were my ship, I would have nipped any potential mutiny in the bud. This is why I hate the Academy. Having to nurture with my own hands the raw gems that might one day stick knives in my back."
"..."

At least she had successfully avoided getting in trouble.
If the professor who suddenly appeared had confiscated the box saying he would handle dangerous items himself, nothing could be more unfair.
She was especially tense because the current pirate professor was as notorious for his sticky fingers as Professor Bronze.

"Gyahahat! Not bad at all. Not many freshmen receive El Draco's recognition, you know?"

Jigoku the Plundering Pirate, one of those rare students, laughed heartily and slapped the box repeatedly.
The baby inside made a weak "muoong..." sound from the vibrations transmitted through his palm.
Just hang in there a little longer, baby!
I'll let you out soon!

"Remember this, Oknodie. As you should know from attending lectures with him so far, Professor El Draco is the epitome of a garbage adult. He especially can't stand seeing his disciples succeed. The reason he conducts naval combat training is simply because he wants to watch kids fight, so don't try too hard."
"I already knew that! Because he's such a delinquent professor, he allows me to carry a baby kraken in a box!"

Naval Combat Practice.
While it sounds like a lecture where you enjoy the true taste of firepower by shooting bang-bang with cannons, the reality is closer to a pirate simulation where students roll around on ships with protective barriers.

"Now, those fellows are real pirates captured from the sea during the vacation for educational purposes. Although your bodies and ships are protected by barriers, the moment the barrier is destroyed, you'll be immediately disqualified and removed from the exercise."
"The student who scores the most points before being eliminated will receive a reward, while the loser will be punished. Needless to say, points increase whenever you perform pirate-like actions and achieve military exploits."
"That's all. Instructors, select students according to their role groups and begin boarding preparations!"

The ships carrying the students are operated by the professor and instructors.

'Huh? This wasn't how it used to be.'

The lecture was supposed to divide students into two teams to fight each other, so why has the difficulty increased?

"For reference, the original plan was to have students compete against each other, but since this 981st class has been evaluated by other professors as having excellent overall grades and qualities, we've increased the difficulty. I'll use all my power to prevent the outrageous act of taking 14 lectures in one semester. Uahahaha!"
"Professor... we only take six lectures per semester, so could you go easy on us and just make it difficult for Oknodie...?"
"Then you can be a ship slave for this exam."
"What?"
"Cowards afraid of fighting, put on shackles and get out to row in the hold!"
"Eek! I'm sorry, Professor. I'll fight. I'll fight up here, so please don't confine me below deck!"
"Instructors. What are you standing around for? Take him away immediately!"

Ah, I see. The overall student level has improved due to proper strategy, so the difficulty increased once, and because I'm taking many lectures, the professor's "Sadism" was stimulated, raising the lecture difficulty once more.
The captured pirates are probably not just coastal pirate gangs but larger pirates who target merchant ships crossing the open sea.
They must be high-spec pirates, assuming my participation.

"Jigoku. I apologize in advance!"
"Huh? Are you saying you'll kill all the pirates and leave none for me to capture? Gyahahat. What a greedy baby! You really are born to be a pirate!"

I'm actually planning to release the baby kraken into the sea and conveniently drop out to infiltrate the area reserved for students on leave!
My apology meant that Jigoku should work twice as hard on my behalf!
But a problem arose.

"Port side, commence firing!"

At Jigoku's shout, the minions of the Jigoku Pirate Group who had been forced to register for the lecture together began firing all at once.
BOOM BOOM BOOM
With thunderous explosions, the mast on the real pirates' ship broke, the deck caved in, and wooden fragments flew in all directions.

'Oh no. The Jigoku Pirate Group is so strong that I won't have a chance to pretend to be overwhelmed by the enemy's strength and drop out!'

Did they practice destroying ships somewhere during the break?
Their firing skills are extraordinary.
At this rate, our side is too strong to possibly lose.

'It's not my fault. It's bad that our team is too strong.'

If we were weaker, I wouldn't have needed to stage a mutiny during the exam!