# <363 - The Reason to Overcome>

New events always make my heart flutter.
New achievements, new challenges.
It's because you never know how great the rewards might be hiding behind something new.
It feels just like scratching a lottery ticket!
If you hit a dud, you lose your opportunity cost, but if you win first place, an enormous amount of points rolls in.

"My Lady. I should inform you in advance that if you make it to the final two in this measurement, you can earn a great reward. Are you confident against the first-year students?"

When Jonna fans the flames like this, my motivation can't help but surge!

"Hmph. I've become incredibly strong since entering the Academy, you know?"
"I already noticed that from seeing how much you grew during the break. To be honest, I have high expectations."
"Really?"
"Yes. For the sake of fairness, rewards are given to the top two, but I'm confident you'll rank above even the hero. So please make sure to claim the reward I've prepared."

"After all, I am your butler before I am a teacher to the students."
Jonna's words of encouragement gave me considerable strength.
Enough to challenge the measurement test with 11 tons of weight!
...is what I'd like to say, but truthfully, 10 tons wasn't a difficult weight for me even without Jonna's encouragement.
At admission, I was blocked by the wall of 30 strength, but think about all the events, lectures, and collection items I've accumulated since then.
My strength training value has increased tremendously.
Thanks to the experience of accumulating ability points that require 10 units to increase, I easily broke through and reached an impressive 50 points of strength.

'Jonna's early training definitely helped!'

Yes, this is a good opportunity.
The me that Jonna remembers is the young me who trained together at the mansion.
Isn't that the past of a character who was 10 or 11 years old?
Children grow rapidly day by day, and veteran players grow rapidly day by day too.
Let me show how a veteran child grows twice as fast.

"15 tons. Perform 10 jumping jacks."

Protecting my screaming joints with mana cultivation techniques, I force my heavy body to move.
It's no exaggeration to say this is no longer movement by the body but movement by mana.
Perhaps equally stubborn, the Mesugakki princess's face has turned bright red.

"Nnngh...!"
"Why don't you give up if it's hard?"
"Not... hard... at... all! You... weakling♡ Loser♡"

She's still keeping up with that weakling talk!
Well, if she's learned the imperial exclusive mana cultivation technique, it makes sense that it would be excellent.
But the princess has a weakness.
An abundant life.
Overflowing support.
That affluence itself is the princess's weakness.
A child born and raised without lacking anything.
Circumstances where others can fulfill her desires even if her own abilities are insufficient.
Like poverty amid plenty, people of the imperial family are accustomed to taking, not to making their own efforts.

'A life as a princess where you can survive by being a little less strong and putting in a little less effort. That itself is a weakness!'

If she were a crown prince of Joseon, she would be worked to death with studies and training enough to kill ten bodies, but the Holy Central Empire was not Joseon.
Not knowing the suffering of self-discipline, the human heart easily breaks in the face of hardship.
At the moment when the burden truly became unbearable, Mesugakki's face, flushed red, reached its limit like a tomato about to explode.

Thud.

As soon as the princess bent one knee in exhaustion, all the metal that had been weighing down her body flowed down her armor and pooled on the ground.
Jonna, who recovered every drop of liquid metal without leaving any behind, turned to me with the same indifferent expression.

"First-year Mesugakki's limit was 20 tons. If you overcome this level, you'll secure first place alone, but if you fail, you'll tie for first."

It wouldn't matter if I gave up.
The achievement is sufficient.
It's better to forfeit than to get injured by being stubborn in a situation where your body is screaming.
That's the meaning contained in Jonna's gaze.
He had recognized it.
That there wasn't much difference between the weight that Mesugakki and I could endure.
Our stats are neck and neck.
Our cultivation techniques are neck and neck.
Our weight limits are neck and neck.
While my main opponent in actual academics or combat is the hero, in terms of pure human strength without the holy sword, it's Mesugakki who matches me.
But there is a small yet decisive difference between Mesugakki and me.
The difference in perseverance.

'The important thing is an unbreakable spirit. In other words, the body can bend a little!'

Ignoring the screams of my bones, I activated the <Numbness> technique to block the pain.
When I finally carried out the 20-ton level action as Jonna requested, my solo first place was confirmed.
It goes without saying that I would monopolize the first-place reward for the challenge measurement that I would otherwise have to split with Mesugakki!

[You have achieved solo first place in the <Health Measurement> conducted during the first week of Professor Jonna's <Mana Tempering Method Training> lecture.]
[You have acquired 2,000 additional points for completing the in-lecture challenge.]

Ugh. That's too stingy.
2,000 points is too little for a body that's definitely going to need the medical ward!
Did I hit a dud event?
While I was making a sulky face, the instructor brought a small medicine in a paper cup from the smallest cauldron.

"Drink this. You'll see effects immediately sufficient to heal broken bones without having to go to the infirmary."
"Huh. You knew?"
"You seem to have forgotten whose ability was wrapped around the measurement armor you're wearing."

I checked his expression to see if I was in trouble, but fortunately, Jonna didn't take a stern attitude.
Relieved, I took a sip of the medicinal brew in the cup.
Perhaps because I was still maintaining the numbness, I made a face indicating I couldn't really taste it, and Jonna quietly advised:

"Please release the energy that's closing off your senses. It will be painful, but feeling how the medicine works on your body through your senses will help your growth."

It's like asking me to set bones without anesthesia, but Jonna seemed to believe that his Lady could certainly handle it.
Ugh. I don't like it, but I have no choice.
A veteran player can achieve high specs without worrying about efficiency, but it's better than repeating three or four times what could be done in one go.

"She's... not a weakling...?"

While even Mesugakki was too shocked to call me a weakling, I swallowed the pain, and truly, my dislocated bones were set right and my muscles and bones strengthened.
To be specific?

[You have consumed a special medicinal brew necessary for mana tempering.]
[Health experience points increased by 50.]
[Health increased by 1.]

My health surpassed the dreaded 49.

[You recover from a near-death state with 0.1% health remaining.]
[You have acquired the title <Experienced Near-Death>.]
[*Experienced Near-Death*: For you, is healing not something you receive when you're in pain, but when you return from the brink of death and revive?]
[Passive Effect - Instant Death Immunity increased by 10%]
[Equipped Effect - Instant Death Immunity activates once per day]

The title acquisition is a nice bonus.

【Status Window】
[Name] Oknodie
Gender - Female/?
Age - 11/?????
[Job]
Main - Dark Princess (1st likely candidate)
Sub - Magic Swordsman (2nd likely candidate)
[Abilities]
Strength 50 (285/291 points, 6 points until increase)
Health 50 (288/291 points, 3 points until increase)
Agility 55 (314/315 points, 1 point until increase)
Intelligence 59 (365/399 points, 34 points until increase)
Magic Power 59 (352/399 points, 47 points until increase)
Charm 62 (408/413 points, 5 points until increase)
[Titles & Status BEST5]
*Witness of the Three Great Evils*: You have faced the Three Great Evils and survived.
*Experienced Near-Death*: For you, is healing not something you receive when you're in pain, but when you return from the brink of death and revive?
*Experiencer of the Apocalypse*: You have witnessed the moment of doom multiple times in a world heading toward destruction.
*Guide of Salvation*: After saving a world heading toward destruction multiple times, you have become the hope of the world.
*Infinite Respect (Blessing)*: When the blessing is activated, all things in the world express respect for you.
━━━

For something called the dreaded 50, there are actually plenty of stats that have reached 50!
Strength and agility naturally increase together when you train various skills starting with circus.
Intelligence rises steadily as you complete memorized assignments, lecture exams, and semester grades.
Magic power increases rapidly with stat stones consumed like breathing, rare foods, and mana cultivation techniques.
Charm? No clue.
It used to be in the 10s, why has it increased so much?

Anyway, strength and health are quite difficult to raise compared to other stats.
Usually around this time, both would be stuck trying to break through from 39 to 40.
Of course, I surpassed that during vacation by visiting Papa's mansion, eating lots of rare food, or climbing the Training Tower.

'Even considering that, 50 was still difficult to reach, but thanks to this I raised it easily!'

Not only the medicinal brew, but I also got a solid title.
Considering how I suffered running to exhaustion in Professor Platon's lecture to deplete my health, it's truly amazing that I was reduced to just 0.1% in that short time.
As a veteran player, I can calculate my health, but it's also impressive how Jonna applied the maximum pressure I could withstand until the most precarious timing for maximum training efficiency.
It seems the in-game element where butlers assist differently depending on their master's personality is well implemented.

'A wine collector player gets help from a wine steward who collects wine, and a training maniac player gets help from a personal trainer who assists with training, right?'

Since Jonna became a professor to match my identity as a <Top Scholar> and <Class Valedictorian>, he must be faithfully fulfilling his role as a professor, which is the superior position to a training instructor.

"Are you satisfied with the reward?"
"Very much so!"

I was so happy that I hugged Jonna's leg and giggled, causing shocked gasps among the students. They must be jealous because our relationship seems too close?
But that won't do. Jonna's leg is mine. Only I can hug it!


* * *


There was a sound.
Clearly the sound of bones breaking.

"They're not even stopping it... and they're making her do more...?"

The education that the Foundation had been giving Oknodie.
I finally witnessed the cruel reality with my own eyes.
She drank the medicinal brew and was healed...
But that doesn't mean the pain disappeared too.
Moreover, that professor, no, butler, even told her to release the technique that would alleviate the pain.
Even Hestia, who glanced over, shook her head.
Even berserkers don't train like that.
The epitome of irrationality.
Oknodie's strength that didn't match her age.
The sense of incongruity I felt in the Training Tower finally resolved today.
She gained her current strength because she received such training.
The background of that strength must be filled with a past too harsh for a young child to experience, to the point that what I saw today would seem trivial in comparison.
Killing intent leaked from Gisele's narrow eyes.
Indeed, the Foundation was an entity that must be eliminated for Oknodie's freedom and happiness.
Jonna Wiheomhae.
The same applied to him as well.