# 32 - Why Mosquito Repellent Is a Critical Matter

I had tried to score points with Irene, the main character, by offering her candy, but my colleagues interfered and ruined my plan.

'Tsk. That was a good opportunity wasted.'

I was disappointed with Isabel and Mr. Son O-cheon, but after hearing Gisele's explanation, I understood.

"Won't your teeth decay if you eat candy without brushing? It's inconvenient to eat in the outdoors."
"Oh no! I've been eating tons of it!"
"I was actually thinking of giving you this sometime. Here, it's a spare toothbrush I prepared for later use."

Looking after dental health too—Gisele really is the best!

"While we're at it, let's reapply the mosquito repellent spray."
"Okay~"
"By the way, why do you hate mosquitoes so much? Is it because the bites are itchy?"

Since I kept expressing my hatred for mosquitoes at every opportunity, Gisele asked with a curious expression.

"You'll find out soon enough!"


* * *


The time had come to demonstrate the importance of mosquito repellent.
More specifically, at the final three-way fork leading to the destination of the second gate.

<Shortcut (Paid, No Mosquitoes, Quick)>
<Shortcut (Free, Many Mosquitoes, Takes Some Time)>
<Detour (Free, Few Mosquitoes, Takes Long Time)>

Examiner Minerva.
She addressed the examinees who had followed her this far.

"Good job following me all this way!"
"Wow! Is this the finish line?"
"No. I'm just saying good job."
"???"
"This examiner will go ahead. Follow whichever path you want."

Beep.
Minerva stepped onto the magic circle alone.
With the sound of [10 points deducted], she disappeared with a whoosh through spatial teleportation.
The examinees who thought they just needed to follow the examiner to reach the finish line were thoroughly betrayed.

"Is this for real? Seriously? Really?"
"She just leaves like that?"
"Hey, you awful woman! You trash!"
"Heh. Hehehe."
"Do we really need points here?"

Some examinees were confused by the shock of abandonment, others burst into anger, and some even lost their minds.
Just then, a piece of bark fell from a tree at the center of the fork.

"Mom, that scared me!"
"Huh? A light?"
"That's not a tree!"

A fork-in-the-road shop disguised as a tree.
The green-hatted instructor inside poked his head out.

"I'll sell mosquito medicine if you have points! Even if you get bitten, it won't hurt with this medicine? The amount is small, but it's better than dying from itchiness, right?"
"What about mosquito repellent spray?"
"Huh? If I sold that, I couldn't sell mosquito medicine. Obviously I don't sell it. Are you stupid? Hahaha."
"......"

The examinees' fists trembled.
Both the examiner and instructor were such annoying people!

"Hmm? Can't we just use that magic circle?"
"That's right. We all have over 60 points."

The minimum passing score of 50 points plus the 10-point transportation cost.
As long as they had over 60 points, they wouldn't need to risk taking the long detour or braving the mosquito-infested shortcut.

"What's the big deal about mosquitoes! Let's just take the shortcut."
"That's right. We're examinees aiming for the world's best academy."

Some examinees confidently headed toward the shortcut.
In less than 10 minutes, they returned covered in dirt, their eyes unfocused as if they'd seen hell.

"H-hell. That place is hell!"
"The mosquitoes... there were thousands of them!!"
"You'll die. If you go in there, they'll suck all your blood and you'll die!!"
"Oh my goodness!"
"How can such a terrible place exist!"

The mosquitoes were so numerous that they made the mosquito swamp from the 4th supplementary task look trivial.

"So you disliked mosquitoes because you didn't want to get bitten? Because you can't pass through there if you're bitten first?"
"That's not it. Look over there."

Jigoku, the Trigger Happy pirate woman who had just returned from point hunting.
She stepped onto the magic circle with a confident face.

"If you don't like mosquitoes, just use the magic circle. Heh. Are you all idiots?"

Jigoku confidently held her ticket watch to the mana board next to the magic circle.
What greeted her wasn't the blue effect indicating spatial teleportation.

[Mosquito venom detected.]
[Unable to use spatial teleportation magic circle.]

"!!"

Usage conditions that clearly showed malicious intent to make examinees spend their points!

"Isn't that the rude redhead from before? Hahaha, it's quite entertaining to see her humiliated."

Jigoku's face turned bright red from the humiliation.

"Mr. O-cheon. Your laughter is too loud."
"Hahaha. How can I not laugh at that?"

Jigoku, who looked like she might pull out her revolver at any moment, spotted me next to Son O-cheon and swallowed the anger that had risen to the top of her head.

"Monkey boy. Let's have a showdown later when the kid isn't around."
"I'd welcome that."

Gisele couldn't hide his bewilderment.

"I've heard of restricting magic circle use for patients with sword or gun wounds to prevent worsening injuries, but this is the first time I've heard of mosquito venom preventing teleportation."
"So even Mr. Gisele doesn't know everything? If you're poisoned, the venom spreads more after spatial teleportation. Though mosquito venom isn't that dangerous."

It's just a taste of education tailored to the level of entrance examinees.
They're not just doing this to make us angry.

"Shall we go then?"
"Hey, didn't you all see that? If you get bitten by mosquitoes, you can't teleport!"
"Ah, it's fine. We haven't been bitten."

You should have made an effort not to get bitten by mosquitoes.

[10 points deducted.]
[Using spatial teleportation magic circle.]

We conveniently arrived at the finish line.
Minerva greeted us with a somewhat impressed look.

"Well done. It must have been difficult to avoid mosquito bites in this forest."
"We could have bought mosquito medicine."
"Do you think a Ranger can't smell mosquito medicine? I know you didn't buy any. Instead, you used mosquito repellent spray, right?"

Isabel marveled.

"She really is an examiner."
"What do you take this examiner for? Anyway, congratulations. You've passed."
"Yay!"

Gisele looked down at his ticket watch with confusion.

"But why did our points increase?"

[Ticket Watch Points]
<Oknodie 122 points>
<Gisele 112 points>
<Son O-cheon 112 points>
<Isabel 112 points>

Despite spending 10 points on spatial teleportation, our points had increased by 50.
Minerva explained with an indifferent face.

"It's the completion reward. The second gate gives 50 points to everyone who reaches the goal within the time limit."
"Then why were there supplementary tasks?"
"To buy mosquito medicine?"
"......"
"I'm joking. Relax, examinee. You might not have realized it because your team balance was good, but this second gate creates demand for various items like food, water, and wilderness survival kits."

The point-spending shops that appeared here and there.
Usually, people spend some of the points earned from supplementary tasks at those shops.
Of course, most end up spending all their points on mosquito medicine to use the final magic circle.

"In long adventures, ignoring minor damage from insect bites can gradually deplete your stamina or cause you to collapse from illness, like clothes slowly getting wet in drizzling rain."
"I believe the examinees have realized the importance of insect repellent through this gate."

Hearing Minerva's advice, Gisele, Son O-cheon, and Isabel accepted the lesson with faces that seemed to say, "So she really is an examiner after all."
I knew this from the beginning, of course.
Noticing my nonchalant attitude, Minerva suddenly asked.

"Examinee Oknodie, did you already know this?"
"Of course! I'm quite thorough when it comes to preparing against poisoning!"

My colleagues revealed their complicated feelings.

"Was the gifted education actually effective?"
"Good grief. How did she turn out like this?"
"Poison candy training... perhaps we should introduce it to the adventure guild too..."

While my colleagues were holding their reflection meeting, I excused myself to go to the bathroom.
After confirming with <Detection> that no one had followed me, I chuckled "Hehe" and took out an extra pouch from my chest.
A pouch I carry separately from the candy pouch.
Inside were three stat stones.

"Heheh."

This was the reason I went around doing supplementary tasks that I didn't really need to do.
You can never have enough stat stones, even if you collect them bit by bit!

<Lowest-grade Stat Stone (Limit 20)>
<Low-grade Stat Stone (Limit 40)>
<Mid-grade Stat Stone (Limit 60)>
<High-grade Stat Stone (Limit 80)>
<Highest-grade Stat Stone (Limit 100)>

Not all stat stones automatically increase your abilities when consumed.
Some stat stones stop working once all your abilities exceed 20, and higher-grade stat stones are more efficient if saved for later.

'There's no disadvantage to eating them early on, but once I have some leeway, I should start saving them!'

For that reason, I had collected stat stones that seemed a bit too large to swallow in one go.
This was my secret stash of stat stones to eat when no one was watching.

"Collecting stones? I thought you were precocious, but you have childish sides too."
"?!"

I closed the pouch in shock and jumped back with a start, only to meet eyes with the black-hatted instructor looking down at me from a tree branch above.
It was Minerva's voice transmitted through her summoned creature via <Sight Sharing> and <Voice Transmission> magic.
I never imagined she could perfectly track me while evading my <Detection>.
It was an experience that chilled me to the bone.

"I've seen examinees like you before."
"You mean people who collect stones like me?!"
"...Not that. I meant the poison resistance training."

Examiner Minerva spoke through her summoned creature.

"I found out after investigating because there were many similar examinees."
"On the surface, they support talented individuals entering Gift Academy, but in reality, there's an organization that trains agents and sends them to the academy."
"Examinee Oknodie. I believe you're also a scholarship student supported by the <Wiheomhae Foundation>. Am I wrong?"