# <423 - Water Ghost Meta>

In an instant, as the growth products of two seeds and the byproduct elementals were all swept away, Senior Orcatch grabbed the back of his neck and let out a groan.

"You bastard, you challenged me to this duel with this plan from the start!"
"Isn't it your fault for neglecting safety precautions, senior?"

That's what happens when you let your mandragora get stolen!
I was just pointing out facts, but Senior Orcatch became absolutely furious and shouted:

"Oh really? Then why don't you summon something too! I'll sweep it all away just the same!"

If I were to plant some pathetic common-grade seeds here, it would be no different than backing out and making excuses.
If my goal was to make the senior's blood boil until he collapsed from high blood pressure, I'd be succeeding brilliantly, but the purpose of this duel is to show the skills of a veteran player!
I need to demonstrate a safe yet vicious combo that won't fall to the same tactics.

"Go, Chubby Plant! I choose you!"

<Rapid Growth - Chubby Plant>
<Inventory - Fertilizer Summoning>

The opening move features the Chubby Plant, which grows larger with each bit of fertilizer it consumes.
By utilizing the Chubby Plant's absorption properties well, it can be made into armor or robes that absorb magic, making it a rare plant crafting material used for creating magic-resistant equipment.
Even without using the vacuum cleaner, this rare plant was enough to make Senior Orcatch's eyes fill with greed.

"Ha. Offering a plant more valuable than what you stole. Are you trying to entertain me? Turns out you're quite a thoughtful junior after all."
"Who says you can take it as you please? I still have two more left."

This Chubby Plant is a core seed used in builds that prevent others' cheap shots while maximizing the power of my own cheap shots, depending on the combination.

"Next is Spider Plant! I choose you!"

<Rapid Growth - Spider Plant>
<Dark Attribute>
<Physical Resistance Enhancement>

The second is another rare crafting material plant, the Spider Plant.
This plant monster extends vines like spider webs, growing larger and tougher as it captures and devours prey caught in its vines.
The Spider Plant even has the habit of applying various spells by adapting mana usage knowledge acquired from its prey, giving it high mana conductivity.
If Blue Metal is the mineral with high mana conductivity, then Spider Plant is its equivalent in the plant world!

"Hahaha! What is this? A two-for-one event? Buy one get one free? Just summoning expensive treasures one after another won't accomplish anything, you naive girl."
"Hmph. A buy one get one free deal always comes with a bonus gift! If you're so confident, why don't you see this first before judging? We'll see who's laughing then!"

For the third and final plant, I took it out from the vacuum cleaner instead of my pouch.

"Finally, Royal Jelly Plant! I choose you!"

<Vacuum Cleaner (+5) - Royal Jelly Plant Summoning>

When the plant that had been stolen from him appeared on the field, Senior Orcatch's face turned red with rage.
When Titoso turns on the red light for Professor Sadako, she looks like a blood-covered ghost that scares people, but this senior just looks pathetic even when angry!
It seems like he's being too careless, but he couldn't help but let his guard down.

"Do you understand now? The sustainability of this build!"
"You brat, you used my Royal Jelly Plant's properties to enhance both the Chubby Plant and Spider Plant at the same time...!"

The Chubby Plant grows vigorously after consuming royal jelly, while the Spider Plant becomes tougher by capturing and eating elementals attracted to the royal jelly.
Moreover, the Chubby Plant absorbs magic, and the Spider Plant uses the mana knowledge absorbed from elementals to cast various spells.
It should be fighting with physical power since magic usage is out of the question, but thanks to the self-replenishing royal jelly from the Royal Jelly Plant, there's a steady supply of fertilizer and mana.

"No way. You've created a perpetual motion machine with higher completion than mine?"
"Hehehe! How about that? See how money shows its power when expensive seeds are used like this?"
"Ha. But you've picked the wrong opponent. Underhanded tactics that overturn the field aren't your exclusive technique!"

Senior Orcatch's pride-driven spells were cast one after another on the spot.

<Create Fissure>
<Moisture Extraction>
<Lift Up>

He extracted moisture from the open space, made the ground crack like a drought-stricken field, and then forcibly lifted the dried roots that had lost their nutrients.
I had to admit his quick thinking in recreating the Vacuum Cleaner (+5) effect with magic was impressive.
However, there was a crucial difference between the senior's build and mine.

"Chub-chub."

The Chubby Plant, having already consumed not only royal jelly but also fertilizer from my inventory, had gained considerable weight.
Compared to the Pupu Plant and elemental rapid-fire combo that would sway with just a breeze, it might have less firepower but its formation stability and weight that kept it grounded were on a different level.

"Eeek!"

Senior Orcatch put more mana into his magic, trying to increase the power of his telekinetic Lift Up spell, but the Chubby Plant didn't budge at all.

"Cough!"
"Gasp, the department head is coughing up blood!"
"That's mana backflow. How much force did he use?"
"This guy eats all sorts of healthy things while hiking mountains, so his mana capacity should be enormous even for a third-year intermediate class student..."

The outcome of the duel was already as good as decided.
I approached the collapsed senior and patted his shoulder encouragingly.

"Remember this, senior. No matter how useful a meta becomes popular, with enough money, you can create counter-strategies using rarer seeds. Money is everything in life!"
"Damn pay-to-win brat..."

Senior Orcatch collapsed with a thud.
But what should I do with the plants I used in the duel?

"Chub-chub."
"Spa-pa-pa."
"Jel-rrr-rrr."

The Chubby Plant had grown massive as if building a fortress, the Spider Plant had developed enough to pulverize even large species with magic, and the Royal Jelly Plant had decided to stick with these two sturdy plant monsters.
The three plants, united like soulmates, looked at the Plant Club members and me with triangular eyes, drooling.

"Oops. I forgot that plant mobs become aggro mobs when they grow too large!"
"This isn't just 'oops,' you crazy junior! What are we going to do with those? Plant mobs are supposed to naturally dissipate after a duel when their energy is depleted from rapid growth, but these have perpetual energy and are actually continuing to grow!"
"I have an idea."
"What idea?"
"Run away without looking back!"

The Plant Club senior members made sour faces.

"You're going to create such a vicious combo in the open space and just run away?"
"Besides, those are extremely valuable specimens. With that size, they could yield amazing materials if harvested. Is it okay to just abandon them?"
"Hmm. Honestly, I'm tempted. Can't we just beat them up with brute force and break off their stems for material collection?"

One third-year senior showed some bravado.
Greed spread quickly among the seniors.

"Think about the points. Just selling the materials to the Production Department students would easily net a thousand points per stem!"
"Wow. There are over twenty visible stems!"
"With both Chubby Plant and Spider Plant, that's at least 40,000 points. It's not often we get a chance to earn such a large sum without standing out in lectures."

The seniors, blinded by points, opened their expensive pouches and threw rare materials one after another, each costing tens to hundreds of points.

<Explosive Spores>
<Toxic Spores>
<Chain Explosion>

<Rapid Growth - Wind Blade Plant>
<Wind Cutter - Stem Cutting>
<Strong Wind - Wind Attribute Magic Power Enhancement>

<Rapid Growth - Claw Plant>
<Stealth>
<Slash - Root Excavation>

One senior created flashy explosions to inflict status effects and distract the plant mobs, another used Wind Blade Plant to create wind and slash the stems, and a third used Claw Plant to advance stealthily through the ground and cut out the roots.
The coordination of the three Plant Club seniors was so impressive that it was hard to believe they were the same ones who were thrashed by the mandragora.
They must have been holding back against me earlier.

"Chub-chub."
"No way, it withstood the explosion with its body? And it's so big that status effects have minimal impact!"

A senior who realized the plant mob's specs were unexpectedly high called for a halt to the attack, but the Wind Blade Plant and Claw Plant attacks had already been launched.

"Spa-pa-pa."

Normal stems would have been cut by the sharp cutting power of the Wind Cutter's blade wind, but it was no match for the Spider Plant that had grown stronger by devouring elementals.

<Sticky Trap>
<Pull>

"Oh no, my plant!"
"Come back, don't get pulled in!"

Despite the seniors' desperate calls, the Spider Plant's web had grown strong enough to pull in enemies that attacked from a distance.
The plants that were eventually caught by the Spider Plant drooped their stems like corpses with broken necks.

<Magic Absorption - Wind Cutter>
<Magic Absorption - Earth Slash>

The Spider Plant opened its drowsy eyes like an evil warlock performing soul-sucking magic.
It recreated the attacks it had suffered by emitting Wind Cutter and Earth Slash.
This was typical of the Spider Plant with its high <Attack Mimicry> talent, a trait of high-rarity plants like our baby mandragora.

"Sh-shield!!"
"This is crazy. It's coming from the ground too!"

The seniors who had inadvertently provided the Spider Plant with more attack methods hastily retreated while deploying shields.
They should be grateful it wasn't using explosions and toxic spores.

"Sigh. I told you we should have run away earlier."

A rare plant mob colony had suddenly formed in the middle of the open space.
Spider webs shot high into the sky, wrapping around the main body like a huge sphere and expanding its territory, causing nearby vegetation to wither and bushes to be uprooted and devoured.
If you approached the territory, you'd face Wind Cutter and Earth Slash combos targeting your waist and ankles, plus growth power that increased like perpetual motion as time passed.
These creatures I created are truly vicious.
But wasn't I forgetting something?

"Gasp. I forgot the warning!"

━━━
Warning! Do not use the above combo unless Professor Weird is supervising the duel.
Plant mobs growing with perpetual energy will expand their vicious plant colony, creating a field boss with chapter boss-level potential.
If this combo is used outside the Academy, it must be eliminated within one month or it will cause critical damage to game progression.
━━━

Sweat beads on my forehead.
It's fortunate I didn't use this outside the Academy, but if Professor Weird catches me, he'll say I have great potential and lock me up in his lab.
I don't want to repeat the memory of rotting away for five years researching sabotage using vicious plant colonies!

"Hey, first-year! What are you going to do about that!"
"Are we really just going to run away?! Won't other students get their ankles cut off and be dragged away to be eaten if they wander nearby?"
"Um... well... that seems quite likely!"
"Then what do we do!"
"Ack! The fine!"
"We need to call a professor. Professor Weird would surely do something about it."
"Wouldn't the student council handle it if we report it to them?"
"Wait! There's still another solution besides professors or the student council."

I'm also scared of the fine I'll have to pay for creating such a vicious life form.
But since there haven't been any casualties yet, there's still a third option we can take.

"We can sell the location information of the rare plant colony to the fourth-year Production Department seniors!"

The fourth-year seniors can collect rare materials, we can clean up our mess, and everyone will be happy.

"Wait, what do you mean 'we'? This is your responsibility."
"Right. Don't try to blame us for the monster you summoned."
"The plants absorbed by your plants when you attacked instead of running away taught them vicious new techniques."
"Oh."
"You idiot, why are you flustered? You should have denied it to the end."

It's already too late.

"If I have to pay the fine, I'll definitely testify about the accident you seniors caused. If I go down, we all go down together!"

No matter how much the seniors want to back out or deny it, they have no chance.
If they abandon me and run away, then it's all or nothing—I'm going with the water ghost meta!