# <33 - Passing the Entrance Exam>

Wiheomhae.
When I heard that bizarre name, the first thing that came to mind was my butler's name, Jonna Wiheomhae.

"That's my butler's surname?"
"So the Oknodie candidate was indeed a foundation scholarship nominee."
"I don't know anything about that. I'm just Papa's daughter."
"Papa? What a cute term. What is your father's name?"
"That... I can't tell you."
"Of course not. All foundation scholarship students are orphans after all."

Does that mean my butler has no family?
I suddenly feel sorry for him.

'How have I been treating my butler all this time?'

-No more spinach!
-I don't want to eat the same dish again!
-I'll just go for a night walk for an hour. Please?
-My Lady. Where are you hiding again?
-Isn't your dress covered in dust again?
-I've told you many times, you mustn't sneak out to eat stones.

I've been hiding everywhere to improve my [Hiding] skill behind my butler's back, eating stones I wasn't supposed to eat, complaining about side dishes, and causing so much trouble.
If he silently put up with all my tantrums because he had no family...
Could it be that my butler thought of me as family?

"Uuugh."

I'm about to cry.
It feels just like shedding tears while remembering how I wronged my parents!

"Tell me. What is the purpose of the Wiheomhae Foundation? What evil scheme are you plotting this time?"
"Don't speak ill of the Wiheomhae name! The person with that name has treated me so well!"
"...So you really don't know anything. About what the Wiheomhae Foundation is. About why your foundation only gathers orphans without parents."
"Why do you keep saying such horrible things? I have a Papa!"
"You mean the parent whose name you can't even mention?"

Tsk. He really does exist.
My Papa sent Jonna to me and gave me 100 gold so I could enter the Academy!

"Oh? Oknodie candidate. I didn't mean to make you cry..."
"I do have a Papa. I do have one. Why do you keep saying I don't?!"

With tears welling up in my eyes from the injustice, I shouted, and Minerva's summon scratched its head.

"...Right, what fault does a child have? My thinking was narrow. I apologize."

Examiner Minerva gave up her interrogation.


* *


"Have you been crying?"
"No, I haven't."
"Your eyes are red. What's the point of lying?"

Oknodie felt embarrassed and tried to avoid eye contact, but Gisele kept pressing the issue.
Son O-cheon went even further, bristling his fur aggressively.

"Who made our little mouse cry? Just tell me and I'll..."

Isabel pinched both men's waists for their lack of tact.

"Ugh!"
"Argh!"
"Don't pry into things like that. Kids can cry sometimes when they're having a hard time."
"You could have just said so instead of pinching me."
"What's with this party? Why are all the women so fierce?"

Though they grumbled, Gisele and Son O-cheon tactfully handed the reins over to Isabel.
It was easy to forget because she always appeared clever and confident, but Oknodie was raised as an assassination prodigy in a noble family. She shouldn't be thought of as an emotionally normal child.

"It's okay. Whatever made you sad, we're all on your side. You know that, right, Oknodie?"

Oknodie nodded slightly.
When Isabel wiped her eyes with a handkerchief, Oknodie wrinkled her nose.

"Sweat smell."
"Sorry. It's the one I've been carrying around."
"...Thank you anyway."
"That's all I needed to hear."
"Want some candy?"
"You eat it."

While Oknodie's party was taking a comfortable rest, other strong candidates who had used magic circles arrived at the finish line one by one.
Sharaku Pirate Jigoku.
Northern Grand Duchess Irene.
Andersen Pretzel.
All the strong supporting characters had used magic circles.
After about a day, candidates who had pushed through while being bitten by mosquitoes or who had chosen the long way around also arrived sporadically.

"The exam is over."

When Minerva snapped her fingers, all the ticket watch holders scattered throughout the forest were summoned in sequence.
The second test was complete.
It was time for the results.


* *


Second examiner Minerva spoke.

"The second gateway test, 'Hunter's Forest,' has concluded. Out of 185 candidates, 23 completed the course. 102 were disqualified for having their watches torn. 47 withdrew. 13 exceeded the time limit."
"Of course, those who failed or withdrew were not summoned here. Only the 13 who exceeded the time limit have been summoned."

Dorothy was among those who had exceeded the time limit.
Judging by her disappointed face, she must have managed to touch the Black Hat instructor.
Perhaps she had been searching for her until the very end.
The NTR pushover guy Rockfell was also in the time-exceeded group.
It was surprising that the NTR girl Yui was still there too, but one look at her face told the story.
She had ultimately failed to touch the Black Hat instructor.

"Little mouse, do those guys' scores even matter since they failed anyway?"
"That remains to be seen."

Minerva said:
Those who completed the course, those who failed, those who withdrew, and those who exceeded the time limit.
Yes.
"Exceeding the time limit" was not included in the failure category.
This was an unexpected twist in the second test that beginners and NPCs wouldn't know about.

"Instructor! Why were the time-exceeded candidates summoned? Aren't they all disqualified?"
"I don't recall saying that."
"So the time-exceeded candidates will pass the second gateway just like us who completed the course?"

The time-exceeded candidates, who had been preparing to try again next year thinking they had failed, were startled.

"To ease Hertz candidate's concerns, all who completed the course received an additional 50 points, but those who exceeded the time limit will not receive the 50-point completion bonus."
"You might think points don't matter now that the test is over, but these points are directly linked to early admission. Those who accumulate 100 points or more in the entrance exam will be immediately admitted."
"!!"
"The candidates who have accumulated 100 points or more are: Oknodie, Gisele, Son O-cheon, Isabel, Zuang, and Weather. These six have met the requirements at the second gateway and have successfully gained immediate admission."

Son O-cheon let out a roar of joy.
Isabel grabbed hands and shook them excitedly, celebrating their success.
Gisele smiled, saying how glad he was that they all passed together.
My companions were visibly delighted.
Of course, other candidates who saw the lineup were full of complaints.

"I see there are many complaints. If you don't know the motto of the second gateway, you might think that way."
"Some of you might be stronger, more skilled, or more combat-proficient than those who passed. All of that is outside this examiner's concern."

Minerva's criteria were firm.

"The wise advance before the strong, and those lacking wisdom must have combat prowess superior to anyone else to advance. A score of 100 points is proof of this."
"Don't be too disappointed. As soon as your remaining points exceed 100, you'll pass at the third gateway as well."

If you're smart, your body suffers less.
If your body is truly exceptional, you don't need to use your head.
That's the motto of the second gateway!

"There might be time-exceeded candidates who scored over 100 points, but for fairness, all time-exceeded candidates' scores are reduced to one-hundredth."
"Of course, this only applies to those who escaped the tag game. Those who failed to escape will all challenge the next gateway with a -50 point penalty."
"If you're frustrated, reflect on yourself. On how you settled for the minimum passing condition of 50 points. On your foolishness in wasting points on mosquito repellent or daily necessities."

These were important instructions for those who still needed to take the third test, but they didn't concern us who had already passed.

"What about those who held out until the end but then withdrew?"
"If you lack creativity, you should at least have the skill to survive and the mental fortitude to never give up. No one can save those who give up on themselves."

Minerva's cold philosophy showed no mercy to those who withdrew.

"Those who passed should follow Master Myungho to the lounge. Third gateway candidates will follow this examiner to the next test site."

In the distance, candidates heading to the third gateway glared at us.
Their gazes were even more hostile than after the top entrance exam, as if they realized that while one defeat might be coincidence, two defeats proved it was skill, and they were clearly determined to do better.
For someone who had hoped to build good relationships with game characters now that I'd be living with them at the Academy, those looks were painful.

"Ho ho. It turned out as expected. I thought Miss Oknodie would certainly succeed in early admission at the second gateway."

Master Myungho said this with a gentle laugh and guided us to the lounge.

"Hey, you're an assassin too, right?"

On the way to the lounge, a masked girl approached and spoke to me.

'This girl is...'

The second auxiliary task of the second gateway.
The competition to steal the golden ball placed in the vine ball.
The 0.1% landmine I encountered there.
It was the binding assassin <Zuang>.

"No, I'm not."
"You're lying. You recognized my technique."
"That's..."

It's because I'm a player.
I've been eliminated by Zuang's techniques before.

"See? You do know."
"I don't know anything!"
"So where did you learn it?"
"Learn what?"
"What else? The techniques."
"From my butler and maid."
"Huh. Home education, I see. How nice. I learned from my master."

Perhaps that's why Zuang's friendly approach felt awkward and unfamiliar.
Originally, she should have been giving off an aggressive aura, wanting to eliminate me just by seeing my face.

Is this the social ability of girls?

Maybe it's fortunate that I became a girl instead of a muscular male character.
While I was happily lost in such thoughts, Mr. O-cheon's large hand ruffled my hair.

"Little mouse, where did you already find a friend who looks just like you?"
"Ah, stop it!"

As I grumbled lightly, Zuang's eyes lit up and she asked:

"Want me to scold him for you?"

Her pitch-black eyes stared directly at Son O-cheon.
Far from being afraid of the large monkey demi-human, she had a dangerous look with killing intent suppressed deep inside her, glimpsed through her eyes.
She was a 1.5-tier assassin supporting character after all.
I knew she was a character I should be nice to and build affinity with.
But somehow, it made me uncomfortable.

"Don't do that."

His actions might be rough and sometimes annoying.
Sometimes I might even feel like attacking him myself.

"Mr. O-cheon is my companion."

Although our party ended up without any of the proper supporting named NPCs from the original game, Son O-cheon had become one of my dear companions who would be with me from now on.