# <56 - Advanced Class Common Lecture>

Unlike Oknodie who had resisted the door's temptation, Hestia ultimately succumbed to it.

At 2 AM.

Hestia jumped out of bed and stepped into the dormitory hallway.
And she was caught red-handed by the female instructor patrolling the dormitory.

"Leaving the dormitory during curfew hours will cost you 500 penalty points. If you don't want to pay the points, you can choose one day of confinement in the punishment room instead."
"...I'm sorry."
"I'm letting you off because you haven't actually left yet. The academy is dangerous for first-year babies in the early morning, so hurry back and get some sleep."

Though her outing was prevented, her curiosity about the hidden room didn't disappear.

'How did Oknodie know about it? More importantly, why did she tell me?'

Could it be that Oknodie wanted to tell her something secretly outside the dormitory at 2:22 AM? If the academy was as dangerous at dawn as the instructor said, wouldn't Oknodie be exposing herself to danger by waiting for her in the hidden room every morning?

'That would be terrible!'

While she could tolerate putting herself in danger, she couldn't bear the thought of Oknodie being in danger.
Hestia opened the window and sneaked out of the dormitory.
Suddenly, a bright white light flashed on her with a "pabat" sound, illuminating her from the security post in front of the dormitory.

"I had a feeling you'd come out."

The instructor held out a terminal and asked.

"Will you pay the points, or spend a day in the punishment room?"
"I'll pay the points..."

Hestia's dawn excursion ended in failure.


* * *


Ding-ding-ding in your ears. Ding-ding-ding in your ears. Ding-ding...

Click.

"Ughhhh."

After turning off the alarm set on the magic clock, sleep completely vanished.
Tuesday is a relatively lazy day compared to Monday.
The schedule has some free time, but if I actually get lazy, my growth stats will decrease, increasing the chances of encountering unfair events during my academy years.

'Lecture content is basic. Club content is advanced. The academy's regular events are the main dish.'

At Gift Academy, special events targeting both players and NPCs activate every week.
This week is Freshman Week, so no special events have activated yet, but I need to prepare in advance for the random events that will start next week.

"Hello, Oknodie! Out for morning training?"
"Just stretching my body a bit."

After finishing a light 10km morning jog with the dolphin pants ladies, I headed to the cafeteria feeling refreshed.

[Tuesday Breakfast Menu]
-Black bean rice
-Beef soup
-Spinach
-Cucumber salad

"Is this prison food..."

This is too much.
I really can't bring myself to eat this.

"Where's the meat side dish?!"
"This is point fraud!!"
"Ah, I should have just skipped breakfast if I knew!!"

The laments of foolish students who had already paid before checking leaked from inside the cafeteria.
Poor things.
They should have prepared a Plan B for situations like this.

"So you want me to cook for you first thing in the morning?"
"Isabel's cooking is the tastiest!"
"...I've already checked the vegetation in the surrounding forest. Just wait a bit."

Isabel called Gisele and Son O-cheon from the boys' dormitory.
She was secretly displeased about the increased number of mouths to feed, but thanks to Gisele's campfire kit that easily lit a fire, we were able to enjoy a comfortable breakfast.

"Huh? Mr. Gisele, where did you get that kit?"
"I have my ways. Children don't need to know."

Students drawn by the smell of roasting mushrooms gathered around, but Son O-cheon flexed his arm threateningly.

"Do you want to leave after getting hit or just leave?"

The male students backed away, intimidated by his brutish build, but the female students took a step closer instead.

"We wanna eat too..."
"Just one bite pleeeease~"

Son O-cheon mindlessly swung a wooden stick at the female students who were putting on cutesy acts as if their tongues had been cut.

"Ack!"
"Ouch!"
"Hahaha! You think such crude aegyo would work on me? Don't be cheeky and get lost."
"What an eunuch."
"So stingy."

Regardless of the personality controversy, thanks to him, we could enjoy a comfortable meal without being pestered by other students begging for food.

"Today we have one common advanced class lecture each in the morning and afternoon."

Tuesday 1st Period (9:00-11:00)
-Professor Platon (Scholar, Ego Item)
-Lecture: Advanced Class Physical Enhancement
-Classification: Common, Advanced Class

Tuesday 3rd Period (14:00-16:00)
-Headmaster (All Class, Dragon)
-Lecture: Headmaster's Teachings
-Classification: Common, Advanced Class

Even the usually good-natured Gisele couldn't smile as usual when he saw this schedule.

"That headmaster's class. It makes my stomach churn."
"Hahaha. I agree. That monster, truly with an unbelievable presence. I clearly understood why the drake, called the forest monster in my homeland, is known as a lesser dragon."

That's not what you should be worried about.
Although I consider most lectures to be easy since I've attended them all during my player days, I still fear Tuesday's first period mandatory lecture.
Even with the stamina to casually run 10km for morning jogging, a physically demanding lecture awaits that I can't handle.

"The lecture hall is in front of a mountain? What a strange lecture."
"How about breathing exercises while feeling the clear energy of the mountain?"
"Mr. Gisele, no matter how optimistic you are, isn't it difficult to expect such a favorable lecture?"
"Haha. Just wishful thinking. As someone who has neglected physical training, I'd prefer an easier lecture if possible."

At the foot of Mt. Omine where the lecture would be held.
The muscular statue-like professor stood in the clearing, and naturally, all the aces from each advanced class group had gathered.
Some had seen each other in classrooms the day before depending on their chosen lectures, while others had only glimpsed each other in corridors or heard rumors about who attended which lecture.
Among them, Andersen Pretzel looked the most unwell.

"You guys... never, ever take the Magic Department's 'How to Use Divine Magic Without Faith'."
"Why not?"
"Just don't do it when I tell you not to."

Suffering physically without faith VS Joining the Mark Warriors and coasting through with the power of faith.
It seems the devilish religious lecture revealed its true colors from first period.
A male student from Group B who appeared to have been similarly duped nodded in agreement.

"Haaah~? Disparaging the lecture you chose? Isn't that the worst~?"

There was one voice that made the male student flinch, resonating throughout the clearing with refreshing projection.
Just as Arcadia was the spiritual pillar for the frontier female students, the Empire's second princess, "Mesugakki," was the spiritual pillar for the imperial female students.

"Whoa, she just dissed Lord Andersen to his face."
"Even we who took the same lecture never openly criticized him out of respect."
"I guess imperial people don't need to be considerate of frontier folk?"
"More importantly, isn't she really short?"
"Not much different from Oknodie?"
"Huh? Who are you treating like a little kid! How dare you disrespect the imperial princess!"

Yeah right, 145cm.

"Hmph. Look who's talking, shorty."

She's a little kid who will catch up to me in a few years.
A character assigned by the developer's mesugakki quota, with a personality that is, of course, mesugakki.
A princess who acts in typical mesugakki fashion.

"What? Listen carefully, shorty. The second digit of our heights is different."
"I'm still growing, you know?"
"I'm still growing too!"

No, you're not.
According to your official profile, you're stuck at 145cm - end of growth period.

"Cheeky brat! Don't get cocky when you're only 130cm!"
"I'm 133cm!"
"Princess Mesugakki. Shouldn't you apologize before raising your voice?"
"Huh? What should I apologize for?"
"The imperial princess is quite thick-skinned to dismiss the direct descendant of a foreign ducal family."
"It's okay for you to disrespect the professor of the lecture you chose~? Nothing to say? Are you stupid? There, argument won♡"

I thought she was annoying at 230cm, but at 133cm, this princess is even more irritating.
The shortest student at the academy getting cocky because someone shorter appeared...!

"You imperial folks. Cowardly damaging my reputation with factual statements. I won't forget today's grudge..."
"I agree. Being insulted by a short person whose growth period has ended and will be caught up to in a few years. I'll teach you a lesson someday..."
"Oknodie. When the time comes, I shall grant you an opportunity to assist in my revenge."
"If I get a chance to prank the princess, I'll call for you, Lord Andersen."

While I was seriously forming an alliance with Lord Andersen, I heard murmurs like "cute" from around us.
I thought they were murmurs from Princess Mesugakki's followers, but their reactions were completely different.

"Your Highness. It damages your dignity to fight with a child who's barely over ten..."
"At times like this, don't play at the child's level but show adult composure!"
"That's right. You might be treated like a child too, Your Highness."
"Im-impertinent! How dare you treat the imperial princess like a child!"
"I said you might be. We didn't actually do it, did we?"

Judging by the princess's followers' see-no-evil attitude, the sound didn't come from them.
Concentrating to distinguish the voices, I heard from our Group A: "Didn't the statue's eyes move?", "I want kimbap.", "When will the professor arrive?", "Cute."
Found it.
So you're the culprit who dismissed me as cute!
As I turned around vigorously, I made eye contact with an unexpected person.

"Whoa. What happened under your eyes?"
"It's nothing..."

The culprit was Hestia with dark circles under her eyes.

"You have serious dark circles."
"I just couldn't sleep well."

How long did this person talk to the wall?
She probably thinks she was talking to me the whole time.
We're actually not close at all, but what if she suddenly reveals her inner sense of closeness thinking we're very close?
...What should I do?
I need to pretend to be friendly to prevent a dark transformation event!
When Hestia brushed one eye with her finger, I thought "this is it" and winked at her.

"Cute."

So it was this person making that sound.
With her half-dazed face, it's a bit scary.
I guess a wink is enough to acknowledge her?

"That's unfair."

Arcadia grumbled watching this.

"O-Oknodie. Why do you show that mercenary woman a wink you never showed me?"
"I got dust in my eye."
"Hmph!"
"Ow! Stop that. Don't suddenly stir up dust with your fan."
"Excuse me. I'm getting hit too."
"Oh, I'm sorry, Isabel."

After this kind of chaotic atmosphere continued for a while.
When the lecture time came, the professor made his presence known.

"Waaah!! T-the statue moved!!"
"The sculpture changed its pose!"
"It's not a sculpture. I am Professor Platon who will teach you the Advanced Class Physical Training! You'd better not plan on standing on two legs by the end of this lecture!"

The students were shocked.

"W-why would you do such a thing?"

Professor Platon answered Arcadia's frightened question fiercely.

"Just because. It's fun to see students crawling back without the strength to walk."
"He's a devil! Definitely a devil!"

One of the academy's top five physically demanding lectures had begun.