# Night Play

"Oknodie. I'll grant you the honor of teaching me your soul-extracting technique♡"

An uninvited guest approached me as I was busy sweeping through the grass with my insect net, trying to complete the insect collection achievement.
Chirp chirp chirp.
As cricket sounds echoed faintly in the background, I naturally had no idea what she was talking about.

"What's that?"
"Playing dumb won't work♡ My subordinates already saw it at the exam site and told me all about it♡"

By exam site, she must mean earlier today when I was watching Mob and Jaku's exam.
But did I use any soul-extracting technique?
No, I didn't.
I only extracted dark mana.
Ah, I see.
That's what she wants!
I suppose it might look that way to someone who doesn't know better.

"Why should I teach you?"
"I'll give you points♡"

The Mesugakki princess boldly offered 5,000 points, writing it in her notebook.
Indeed, a spirited bid worthy of the princess of the Central Divine Empire, the continent's hegemonic power.
But I hadn't brought it up hoping for points.

"No!"
"...With 5,000 points, you could get permission to possess artifacts, you know?"
"I have plenty of points already."

I'm not joking.
I've been steadily saving points to use for future events, and I've accumulated over 300,000 points including all the small amounts.
For other students, 5,000 points might be enough to sell their soul for.
But for me, points are something that keep accumulating steadily even during conversations like this.

"Ah, caught one!"
"Chirp chirp chirp."

I put the cricket I caught with my net into my collection box, and with that, I was able to fill my insect collection to 20 species.

[You have achieved the Beginner Insect Collection Level 2 achievement.]
[You have acquired the title <Baby Fabre>.]
[Title effect: All activities consume 0.1% less stamina.]
[You have acquired 500 points as a title achievement bonus.]

As they say, little by little, it adds up. While others are busy with their studies, I'm diligently filling various collection books and earning titles to upgrade my specs and collect points instead of studying things I already know.
This is the secret to how veteran players can overtake newbies and get far ahead even when playing the game for the same amount of time.

"Pfft. No wonder they call you Baby Oknodie when you spend your time playing like that♡ So childish♡"
"What? And what great things do you spend your time doing?"
"If I want insects, I just order my followers to get them and bestow appropriate rewards for their contributions♡ Running around on my own feet is just too provincial~?"

The Mesugakki princess maintained her uniquely cute yet irritating way of speaking, even when talking to another girl.
With her hateable yet irresistibly cute appearance, she was quite the princess.
Especially for someone who was originally a man before possession!

"Hmph. You think I can't do that? I just feel bad about making others work for me!"
"Says the person who makes Isabel cook for her every day~?"
"Gasp! H-how did you know that!"
"And gets snacks from Arcadia at tea parties~?"
"Ugh. T-that's because Arcadia invited me first!"
"And accepts wild vegetables that Dorothy collects~?"
"Argh. Why do you know everything!"

She's like a stalker, knowing everything!

"It's no different from usual. This time, you're just getting points instead of food♡"

Someone who's been stalking me so meticulously doesn't seem like they'll give up easily.

"Fine. I'll teach you. But instead of points, you have to bet something else."
"What do you want~?"
"A wager!"
"A wager...?"
"If you win in a competition against me, I'll teach you the technique I used to subdue Jaku during the mana verification exam. But if you lose, you have to do what I ask!"

The Mesugakki princess pouted her lips.

"No way♡"

I was greatly surprised, not expecting her to refuse.

"Why not?"
"You're the top student in our year. You're too strong♡"
"I won't make it a strength competition!"
"What about magic~?"
"Not a magic duel either!"
"Hmm~. I'll listen before deciding. Tell me what kind of competition♡"
"An insect collecting competition!"
"Insect collecting... ugh. How undignified~. Why would we make such a thing into a wager?"
"Because I'm collecting insects."
"Are you planning to become a bug sorcerer or something~?"
"Anyway, if I win, I get all the insects you collect too. If you don't like it, I won't do it!"

I'm trying to pull the princess into my title work that I was already doing, which will help me collect the Bug Collector title.
The princess seemed to think she wouldn't lose much even if she lost, so she readily accepted the wager.

"Fine♡"

And so the competition began.


* * *


Oknodie hadn't returned to the dormitory.
It wasn't the first time this had happened.
She was always running off to all sorts of places, talking about secret training grounds or hidden pieces or whatever.
But Hestia was worried.
Rumors about what she had supposedly done at the lower-class exam site today were spreading throughout the dormitory.

"They say Oknodie bound a lower-class student's soul and forced them to swear absolute obedience!"
"Has the Dark Princess finally begun her first move!"
"She might be collecting the souls of her classmates to advance to the Demon Lord class. It's so scary...!"

Oknodie has awakened to evil!
Hestia naturally didn't believe the rumors.

"Zuang. I want to find Oknodie. Please help me just this once."
"That girl? I think it's better to leave her alone."
"If you're saying it's okay to hear harsh words, don't. During my mercenary life, I was persecuted many times for being a berserker, but it was never really okay."

Hestia knows.
The injustice of being unfairly insulted.
Even for Hestia, who was used to slander and false accusations, the rumors surrounding Oknodie now seemed excessively serious.

"It's not uncommon for assassins. If our identity is discovered, we might even lose our heads. If no threat to your life has occurred, you should consider yourself lucky."

Flipping her short black hair, Zuang was carving a statue with a dagger and checking it against the moonlight, showing no signs of tension.
It was a testament to how serious the dangers associated with the assassin class were.

"But Oknodie is our friend."

Friend.
Zuang's hand stopped at the appearance of a word she thought would never be associated with her.
Her concentration on the assignment from the "Let's Become a Moonlight Sculptor" lecture, which she was taking to improve her dexterity, wavered.
An assassin should be able to maintain a clear mental state even in the middle of a marketplace if needed.
For that concentration to be disrupted by just the word "friend" meant her mental discipline as an assassin still had a long way to go.

'This is troublesome.'

Her master had said:
Kill anything that causes hesitation.
Otherwise, it will kill you.
Zuang couldn't do that.
She didn't dislike Oknodie, and even if she did, she wasn't confident she could kill her with her skills in any situation.
To regain concentration, she needed to eliminate the source of concern.
If she couldn't eliminate Oknodie, the way to get rid of the troublemaker called worry was to assure Hestia that there was no threat to Oknodie's safety.

"Alright. I'll help."
"Thank you. I knew you would help."
"I just had a change of heart. I'm just curious about what ridiculous place she's spending her time in this time."
"Hehe. Even that makes you a good person. Oknodie is indeed surrounded by good people."
"...Who's good?"

Zuang was uncomfortable with Hestia's assessment.
She knew better than anyone that she was a bad person.
She had killed people.
She had never considered good and evil.
She had just done what needed to be done.
If she could still be considered a good person, then Hestia's standards for goodness must be wrong.

'This is really troublesome. Oknodie, did you feel this way too?'

Someone worse than anyone else is being called a good person.
More than awkwardness, she felt an annoying impulse rising.
A desire to truly become a good person.
To become a gentle being like these kind and naive prey.
The feeling trying to soften her from deep within her heart felt like a thorn in her eye.

"First, we should check Oknodie's room to find places she might go?"
"Not there."

Hestia was surprised.

"Do you know where Oknodie might have gone?"
"I put a thousand-mile fragrance on her. That child runs all over the place, so it's impossible to find her when you need her."
"That's impressive. Using such an Eastern item."
"My master was from the East."

The place Zuang led them to was the forest area where swarms of mosquitoes used to fly.

"...Is Oknodie really in a place like this?"
"Don't be scared. The mosquitoes moved their habitat near the Academy last time and were completely wiped out."

Among the seniors, for some reason, the value of something called blood stones made by mosquitoes had recently skyrocketed, making it even harder to find mosquitoes.
Zuang didn't share this information with Hestia.
There was no reason to, and besides, she was much more concerned about the sound she heard.

Clang clang...
Clank clank...

The sound of metal colliding from a distance.
Oknodie and someone else were there.
Someone who could engage in combat with her at a comparable level.

"I'll speed up."

Hestia tried to keep up by running as fast as she could, following Zuang who moved like a ghost through the forest without making a sound.
Something caught on Hestia's body.
A protruding branch.
Dense bushes.
Trees swaying in the night breeze and chaotic shadows.
She could see Zuang standing in the distance, beyond the forest that had an atmosphere where finding a corpse wouldn't be surprising.
While Hestia was a mess, scratched and torn all over, Zuang looked perfectly fine, which was a bit annoying, but the scene before her quickly dispelled any negative emotions.

"Isn't that the princess?"
"Probably."
"What are they doing?"

The Second Princess was throwing tweezers into tree holes, while Oknodie was blocking with a shield held like a rock and throwing stones at the princess as she ran to another spot.
The nighttime battle, too savage to be called child's play, was surprisingly dominated by the princess.

"Stop it! Don't throw that, you bad princess!"
"Pfft~ Stupid Oknodie♡ We agreed on an insect collecting competition, but we never set a rule against killing the insects you find~? If I can't find any, I'll just kill all the ones you found♡"
"Sigh... So they've been having an insect collecting competition until the middle of the night..."

Hestia also felt drained at Zuang's sigh.
If it had been a situation where the impatient princess was trying to kill Oknodie herself instead of waiting for an imperial execution order, they might have done something.
But it was such a childish game that they had no desire to intervene.