<115 - It's Cold Today>

'What on earth is going on...?'
"Oknodie! Are you okay? Can you breathe?"

In the distance, I could hear the sound of ballistas firing and battering rams smashing through windows.
It's too late to explain that I was just exaggerating!

'Alright. I've made up my mind.'

I steeled my resolve.
Then I relaxed my body and pretended to faint, going completely limp.
I'm unconscious.
Whatever happens is not my business!

"How dare you lay hands on a potential party member I've had my eye on! This is unforgivable!!"

Even a hero who was passing by joined the fight in outrage.
The second-year seniors' boats were destroyed, and the seniors who had been monopolizing the fish were tied up with ropes and dragged back in a line.

"Oh no. Is Oknodie alright?"
"The poor child fell in the water and hasn't regained consciousness."
"Don't worry. I'm a saintess."

The saintess traveling with the hero offered her lap as a pillow and placed her hand on my forehead.

"Grant healing and rest to this little lamb."

She even recited a divine spell to heal me, so I figured I'd be in real trouble if I didn't open my eyes now. I pretended my eyes were fluttering and slowly opened them.

"Ahh. So bright."
"Oknodie. Are you conscious?"

[Acting experience +5]
[Deception experience +5]
[Bad Child experience +2]

...I can't deny that I was being a bad child today!


* *


"So you lost your boat, had all your fish taken, and were released after getting beaten up by first-years?"
"Those weren't ordinary first-years. How were we supposed to win when even a hero joined in?"
"This wouldn't have happened if you hadn't laid hands on that poor child. I told you to keep them in line with food supplies, not assault a kid."

Paper Company jumped up in indignation, but the damage was already done.
Everyone believed he had committed assault.
It was too late to turn back.
Even fellow members of the Red Tooth Mushroom Management Association were giving him accusatory looks, and no one was willing to take his side.
Having failed miserably in the plan to crush the first-years, he hung his head in shame, taking all the responsibility.

"Advisor, what do we do now?"
"Do we just give up on revenge?"

Bellocasio inwardly cursed at these useless fools but reluctantly offered his wisdom.

"It's too early to give up. The first-years may be clever, but there's a fundamental difference in experience between us and them."

Bellocasio hadn't abandoned the idea of revenge.
They still had a means of revenge they could use.

"Use the 'Storm' spell. Create waves to capsize all their boats and block the sea route to school on Thursday."
"Wow. Even so, that's a bit..."
"The delicate control needed for the Storm spell is too difficult for us second-years. It's impossible to target just a few while letting the rest go."
"If we do that, innocent first-years will get caught up in it too."
"Do you think the first-years would be grateful to you for that?"

Bellocasio mocked his naive members.

"They've already destroyed second-years' boats, stolen our fish, and beaten up seniors. Your reputation has fallen so low that even among fellow second-years, you'll be looked down upon."

It was already too late to turn back.

"Once you start being known as 'those who got beaten up by first-years' among your peers, how do you think your academy life will be until graduation?"

Once you're looked down upon, your remaining school life is ruined until graduation.
The second-years, finally realizing the gravity of the situation, had a dangerous glint in their eyes.

"Paper Company did hit first, but they went too far too. Firing ballistas!"
"And what about them telling the third-year teaching assistant that we were responsible for their lost items and sending us compensation claims? It's so unfair I could go crazy!"
"It's bad enough being victimized, but we can't become laughingstocks until graduation!"

The second-years, filled with indignation, vowed revenge.
Paper Company, who had been falsely labeled as a child abuser, was the most furious.

'Since I've been branded as trash by the entire school because of that brat, next time I see that damn kid, I'll really beat them up!'


* *


After the commotion at dinner time.
It was time for the 5th period class, "Adventurer's Night Activities."
Fortunately for us, who were planning to run away without looking back at the sound of the skeleton instructor's rattling bones, Professor Sadako was in the lecture hall instead.
If only she wouldn't wait for us floating on the water surface with her long hair spread out like dried seaweed and her pale skin motionless like a corpse.
Thanks to this, even without the skeleton instructor, Zuang and the Tito family's pupils were vibrating wildly.

"I still want to go back."
"Too scary."

It was already too late.
As if to remind us that there's no turning back, Professor Sadako, who had been floating like a drowned corpse, slowly raised her body from the water.
Poor Tito froze like a deer in headlights, unable even to scream, as she rose like a ghoul from the swamps of hell.

"You've come."
"Hello, Professor!"
"I heard first-years and second-years fought."

Professor Sadako, who didn't seem like she'd have any friends among the faculty, was surprisingly well-informed about academy news.

"Anyway, they were the bad ones!"
"Did you bring the corpses?"
"...Of course not!"
"Oh dear."

Professor Sadako was genuinely disappointed.

"I was going to teach you zombie creation and skeletonization spells since it was a good opportunity. What a shame."
"...We're here for the Adventurer's Night Activities lecture? Not to learn undead summoning."
"I know. But if you summon undead, you can solve all the disadvantages and inconveniences of night activities by commanding them. There's no harm in learning... probably."
"Probably?!"

Skeletal arms shot up from the ground and grabbed Zuang's feet as she tried to run away without looking back.
More skeletal arms firmly pushed Tito back into his seat as he tried to stand up, yet Professor Sadako spoke calmly despite this creepy display.

"I don't allow leaving your seat during lectures... for safety reasons."
"Y-you crazy professor. What have you done around us?!"

We realized something.
No matter what we did with the second-years, the professors were still the scariest of all.


* *


After the lecture ended, the trio returned in a state of panic.
Watching the backs of the first-year freshmen, Sadako felt a sense of satisfaction.

"I didn't know you were such a kind person. Have you taken a liking to raising disciples?"
"...Professor Destroyer. You seem quite interested in Oknodie yourself."

Professor Sadako responded in a mechanical voice to Professor Destroyer, who had positioned himself behind her and spoken without warning.

"That one is truly exceptional."
"Is that why you cast the 'Nightmare of Struggle' spell?"
"Oh my. You noticed?"
"Necromancers tend to be well-versed in mental magic as well."

While professors specialize in different fields, truly outstanding talents stand out regardless of discipline.
Oknodie was especially remarkable.
Most professors who taught her classes evaluated Oknodie with the highest scores or similarly generous grades.

"No monopolizing."
"I never intended to. That one is beyond what I alone can handle."
"...You, a former hero?"

This was surprising news.
Even among professors, Destroyer's abilities were considered an unknown quantity, but Professor Sadako knew him from connections outside the academy before he was invited to teach.
She knew how terrifyingly skilled Destroyer had been as a member of the previous generation's hero party.
It was strange to hear him speak of weakness.

"The influence of the Wiheomhae Foundation is beyond imagination."
"...Of all places, that one?"
"The informant I sent to investigate lost contact. It's been quite a while since one of my limbs was cut off."
"...Why are you telling me this?"
"If you need expendable limbs, nothing beats the undead, wouldn't you agree?"
"I'd prefer not to be dragged into messy affairs..."
"Let's not be stingy with each other as teachers who care for Oknodie. Aren't you curious about her master? The first master who created her at the foundation."

Professor Sadako's lips twisted.

"Tell me what minion you want."


* *


Morning came.
I put on my school uniform and sprinkled flower seeds I'd swiped from the garden yesterday into a water bottle where a mandrake was floating.

"Ptooey."

The picky mandrake spat out the flower seeds and picked them out of the water one by one with its hands.
My attempt to feed it fragrant food in advance to make my elixirs smell nice had apparently failed.
Tsk.
Who did it take after to be such a picky eater?
If it took after me, it should eat whatever it's given.

"Achoo."

Maybe it's because I fell in the water yesterday.
When I stepped into the hallway, I felt a sudden chill.
Looking around, I noticed everyone else was also shivering and hunching their shoulders.

"Good morning, Isabel. It's particularly cold today."
"Of course it's cold. The ice sheet has opened."
"Huh?"
"Look over there."

I looked out the window Isabel was pointing at.
First-years were coming to school across what had become an ice sheet, using sword sheaths and staffs to steady themselves.

"Irene got annoyed with the constant waves and froze everything."
"Wow. She must have tons of mana."
"It's convenient for us too. Let's hurry to school before the ice melts."

Along the way to school, I could see rafts and shoes with frozen soles.
Later, when the ice melts, I should go with Gisele to collect those.