# 97 - Bad Kid

"Hic, hic, hic."
"Don't cry, Titoso!"
"Everyone's only scolding me, and the spotlight you said would make me popular only gets me teased, hic, hic, hic."

Titoso was crying so pitifully that anyone watching would feel sympathy for her.

"That's because they're idiots! They're fools who would blame you like kidnappers who commit crimes and then blame you for not bringing the money on time."
"But the professor isn't a kidnapper."
"He kidnaps our grades and demands assignments if we want them back."
"I guess that's true...?"

Titoso finally stopped crying.

"From now on, you shouldn't cry when you're sad. How are you going to survive in this harsh Academy if you do that?"
"Sniff. Okay. I'll try to be stronger."

I successfully managed to comfort the crying Titoso.

"Oknodie. When you have time, behind this..."
"Sorry. I have 'Basics and Understanding of Mana Usage' for third period."
"What about fourth period?"
"Fourth period I have 'Ranged Weapon Mastery' class."
"And fifth period... you have 'Adventurer's Night Activities' class, right?"
"Yes."

Titoso looked at me like I was the most pitiful person in the world.
In my opinion, any student who attends lectures back-to-back starting Monday deserves such a look.

"Oknodie. Actually, I was planning to skip fifth period classes from this week."
"Really?"
"But I'll try to be brave one more time. Today I'm definitely going to attend the Adventurer's Night Activities lecture without fainting."
"...Wouldn't it be better to just quit the class at that point?"
"No! I'm definitely going. I can't let Oknodie attend that scary lecture alone. We're friends!"

I wondered who was really worried about whom, but anyway, Titoso parted with newfound courage.
She was a kind-hearted friend who found strength and determination in helping Oknodie through hardships rather than focusing on her own struggles.
If I were a min-maxing player, I wouldn't have cared if Titoso got bullied and eventually expelled.
But veteran players care more about what feels right than optimal performance.
That's why I had no choice but to help Titoso!

[You have strengthened your friendship with the pitiful Titoso through appropriate communication.]
[Speech Experience +3]
[Good Kid Experience +1]

My steps felt a little lighter as I headed to the next lecture.


* * *


[You have perfectly memorized 5 formulas and 20 basic combinations for collecting mana puzzles.]
[You are rewarded with 100 points.]
[Memorization Experience +3]
[Mana Arts Experience +3]

My light steps turned into heavy sighs.
It was because Professor Weird assigned a mountain of homework.

"Memorize all 20 formulas. We'll have a pop quiz in the next lecture. Also analyze 5 cases where each formula was used. And while you're at it, it wouldn't be bad to collect one actual substance where each formula is applied."

Dorothy asked.

"Professor... the assignment is due next Monday, right?"
"The next lecture is on Wednesday, so why would I need to extend the deadline?"
"I think it might be a bit too much work..."
"If you knew how much more homework I could assign, you wouldn't think that."

Dorothy's face turned pale at the professor's chilling words, and she clamped her mouth shut.

'We almost had a Titoso #2!'

With Dorothy's spirit broken, Rogini, an apprentice wizard from the Red Magic Tower, lit up with fire in her eyes and protested.

"Professor. We're not just taking this class; we're taking other classes too. We don't have time to complete all these assignments. Couldn't you reduce them a little?"
"Who told you to take other classes?"
"What??"
"Nature magic is the best magic. Natural science is the supreme discipline. You don't have enough time to prepare because you don't accept this fact and take other useless classes."
"But if we don't earn credits, we can't advance to second year."
"That's fine. Research students who join a professor's lab can take upper-level courses without advancing a grade. It's entirely possible with just a recommendation letter."

The crazy professor revealed his true colors in just the third lecture.
Demanding that first-year students who had just started adapting to Academy life two weeks ago mortgage their futures and live as slaves to the professor!
As Rogini's face turned as red as her tower's color with rage, Sandcooker, an apprentice wizard from the Yellow Magic Tower who had already become the professor's assistant, spoke up.

"Professor... you didn't recruit us as assistants with that intention, did you?"
"Is that a problem?"

The students realized how cruel and merciless a professor obsessed with nature's ruthlessness could be.
However, Sandcooker, true to his reputation as a mentally tough apprentice wizard from the Yellow Magic Tower, didn't lose heart and clearly continued making his point.

"What can we do about classes we've already signed up for? We completed our course registration before hearing Professor Weird's excellent lectures. Please show mercy and consider it the inexperience of freshmen."
"Hmph. How foolish. But you know a bit more than last year's freshmen. I'll be generous. You don't have to do the assignment of collecting actual substances where formulas are applied."

One assignment was reduced.
Clap, clap, clap.
Whistle!
Sincere applause erupted in the classroom.
I clapped too.
I genuinely admired Sandcooker for having the courage to stand up to the professor.

"Students who still want to do it can, though."

The students thought it was a joke and laughed heartily.

"Who would do that when we barely have enough time as it is?"
"Right. We were just told we don't have to do it."
"Don't you think that's a strange thing to say, Oknodie? No one would do such an extra assignment."

At Dorothy's words, I awkwardly smiled and avoided her gaze.

"Oknodie?!"

Sorry, Dorothy.
I can't resist bonus points.


* * *


Unlike the relatively mild atmosphere at the end of the Understanding Natural Magic lecture, the end of Monday's fourth period "Ranged Weapon Mastery" class was as disastrous as the "Developing an Eye" class.

"Due to the heavy rain warning today, we'll substitute with an indoor lecture."

Students practiced archery, throwing knives, or shooting guns with targets set up indoors.
Professor Evening Shooter, who had been pushing the curriculum insanely fast since the second class with racing competitions, seemed quite displeased with this indoor substitute lecture.

"Since today's lecture was relatively easy, I'll assign homework instead. Everyone wear this bracelet on the arm you use for ranged weapons."
"Professor, what is this?"
"Ah, this is an automatic recording bracelet. It only comes off after you've completed a designated number of shots and throws. The usage is simple. Instructor, demonstrate."

The skilled instructor pressed a button on the bracelet to aim a laser at the wall.
When he pressed the button again, a virtual target appeared at that location.

"Aim at the target and hit it. The closer to the center, the higher your score. You need to accumulate a total of 1,000 points each from distances of 50m, 100m, 150m, and 200m."
"To prevent accidents, it won't work on living beings or near them, so don't whine that it's broken. That's all."

The target scores range from 10 points to 0 points.
A proficiency practice assignment requiring an enormous number of shots or throws—at minimum 100 each, but potentially over 1,000 times to complete!
Students were beginning to realize they should worry about dying from overwork.

"Oknodie, if we try to complete all this, we won't have enough time even if we stay up all night. Isn't there some way around this?"
"Really? Then I'll tell you a method!"
"Seriously? Is there an easy way out?"
"Climb to the highest place you can find and create targets below you. That way you can shoot many arrows with minimal effort!"
"Ooh, that's a great idea. So where is such a place?"
"Mountains and cliffs?"
"...Have you seen what it's like outside?"

This guy, typical lower-class student, trying to take the easy way out.

"If you want to do the assignment easily, you have to make some sacrifices!"
"Finding mountains or cliffs while running through that downpour and avoiding giant crabs seems much harder!"
"Mob, you're being too dramatic."
"Argh! I'm so angry. So angry!"

Mob pounded his chest in distress.

[Your cruel advice has terrified the lower-class students.]
[Intimidation Experience +3]
[Bad Kid Experience +1]

Why?!
I was just giving friendly advice!!


* * *


After the eventful lectures ended.
When dinner time came, I ran into Isabel, who was quite annoyed.

"Oknodie. Leaving me alone with this huge king crab."
"I'm sorry. Hehe. But I couldn't leave Titoso alone, could I?"
"If only you couldn't talk, I wouldn't be so annoyed."

Isabel sighed lightly, ruffled my hair roughly, and pointed to the table.

"Come help break off some legs. The pincers are too hard, so we need more people to break the legs."

Students taking the "Developing an Eye" class had gathered with the sole determination to eat the king crab's meat and were all struggling to break the legs and shell into pieces small enough to fit in the steamer.

"Okay."

Those who don't work shouldn't eat.
That's a good saying.
As I hummed and broke the legs with my hands, the second-year senior sitting next to me gaped in shock.

"Hey..."
"Yes?"
"We haven't given out the steel scissors for cutting the legs yet... did you just break that with your bare hands...?"

Why would I need scissors?

"You can just tear them off with strength."

[Students around you are terrified as you show off your strength.]
[Boldness Experience +1]
[Bad Kid Experience +1]

...Why does everything I do make me a bad kid?
I'm starting to dislike the system's output messages today.
If this keeps up, am I going to become twisted?