"Tito Soga."
"What?"
"I think I know someone who could use that raincoat."

Tito Soga tilted her head, making her side-tail sway cutely below her ear.

"Who? It can't be Zuang. She said she'd absolutely never attend such a terrifying lecture. Don't tell me you want to give the raincoat to Professor Sadako?"

Behind the corner, Zuang made a tearful face.
She was frantically gesturing for us to hurry up and do something.
I shielded her with my body and discreetly pointed to the corner. Tito Soga glanced back and giggled.

"Ah~ what should I do? I don't want to give it to Professor Sadako who's suggesting we have an outdoor lecture."

Zuang's face brightened.

"But I also don't want to give my raincoat to Zuang who always teases me for being a coward who faints all the time~"

Zuang's face darkened.

"Should I give it? Or not? I might consider it if Zuang apologizes? Something like that?"
"Tito. Isn't this getting a bit dangerous?"
"What's dangerous?"

Zuang's face turned cold as she realized something.

"What's in danger is Zuang's grades! Nothing is more dangerous than the grades of someone who has to return to her room sadly without a raincoat~"
"I tried to stop you."
"Hmph. You don't need to stop me. I'm not the real coward anymore. Zuang is the biggest coward in the world, a super-coward!"

Zuang leaped down from the ceiling and clung to Tito Soga's back.

"Who are you calling a super-coward?"
"Hygyaaaah!!"

In the end, Tito Soga fainted once, and only after waking up did she give the raincoat to Zuang.

"Didn't you say you weren't going?"
"Hmph. I just ate too much dinner and wanted to move around a bit. For diet purposes."

That's one scary way to diet.


* *


After marching for about ten minutes through the pouring rain, stopping abruptly and holding our breath whenever we heard the clacking footsteps of Giant King Crabs, we finally arrived at the lecture hall.
Waiting for us was a skeleton who had dieted so excessively that only bones remained.

"Gel-gel-gel. Are you the freshmen Sadako mentioned? You show promise. You all had the courage to come through this downpour to attend the lecture."
"Excuse me... Mr. Skeleton? Sir Skeleton?"
"Call me Skeleton Instructor."
"Skeleton Instructor. Where is Professor Sadako?"
"She caught a cold and couldn't come."

Zuang clenched her fist behind her back in joy.
Tito Soga was also incredibly happy about this, though she couldn't say it out loud.
In my experienced opinion... even if it's because of a cold, a professor's absence is not usually a good sign.

'No one has a higher peak of maliciousness than a professor, but professors are still professionals in their own way.'

In contrast, this Skeleton Instructor who came as a substitute isn't a professor but an instructor.
He might have achieved excellence in certain combat techniques or knowledge areas, but he completely lacks the educational technique of knowing how to moderate his malicious acts.
In other words, he might unleash his malicious capabilities to their maximum without hesitation.

'In terms of peak maliciousness, this might be even worse than Professor Sadako's direct lecture!'

Tito Soga smiled happily, just glad that it wasn't Professor Sadako's lecture.

"Skeleton Instructooor. So what are we doing today? Can we finish early?"
"My, you must be very tired!"
"Yeees. I have too many assignmeeents."

Zuang and I opened our eyes wide at Tito Soga's voice filled with aegyo.
How can she make such a crafty voice?
I'm jealous.
If I had such aegyo skills, I could mesmerize professors and claim all the rewards!
Perhaps due to my past mistakes where the <Intimidation> skill dominated my communication techniques, I couldn't even imagine using such an aegyo-filled voice, something even Zuang the assassin wouldn't dare attempt.

"Gel-gel-gel. I was just thinking about how pitiful you freshmen are with your lack of sleep."
"Are we finishing the lecture early?"
"Something even better. Actually, on my way here, I was inspired by a lecture on <How to Sleep Well Anywhere>."
"...Why would you get inspiration from that kind of lecture?"
"Adventurer's nighttime behavior. You've learned a lot about what to do while awake, but you haven't learned about precautions while sleeping, have you?"

I had a bad feeling from the start, and sure enough, the Skeleton Instructor suddenly accelerated.

"Only adventurers who have experienced it know the devastating feeling of being discovered by enemies because of unconscious sleep-talking or movements."

This supercar must have a V12 engine with a 0-60 time of under 3 seconds.

"Instructor. Tito Soga quietly falls asleep during every lecture, so she doesn't need to practice that."
"Oh. Then student Tito Soga can just quietly observe beside the instructor today."

Zuang looked dumbfounded, wondering what she had done.
Tito Soga scurried behind the instructor.
Her skill at provocation—hiding behind the skeleton's legs with just her head peeking out and sticking her tongue out—was remarkable.
Despite her crying sound being a pitiful "hing-ing-ing," her innate talent for irritating others highlights Tito Soga's unexpected charm.
Perhaps this self-destructive tendency is the proper attitude of a prospective undead befitting a student of Professor Sadako.

"Skeleton Instructor. Actually, I've received assassin training, so I don't need to worry about sleep-talking."
"There's no professor evaluation in your student record to prove that statement!"
"What about Tito Soga then! She hasn't done anything special either!"
"Fainted quietly like a dead mouse ×2 times. It's properly recorded."
"Urgh!"

Zuang, who had tried to argue against the lecture's necessity by bringing up Tito Soga, only ended up creating an exemption for her. She looked as if she had a stomachache while watching someone else succeed.

"Zuang. Let's work hard, just the two of us."
"Oknodie... I'm counting on you..."

The only way to help someone sleep better in a sleeping lecture is to make them faint.
If she struggles too much, I'll have to give her a power slap to knock her out.

"Now, go to sleep!"
"...What?"

With the pouring rain, our raincoats were heavy with water, and lying on the ground would mean swimming first.
Not to mention that passing Giant King Crabs would excitedly rush over as if discovering an unexpected seafood buffet.
Zuang asked:

"Is this right? Are you sure?"

Even an assassin like her was questioning this common sense-defying lecture.
But the Skeleton Instructor's determination was unwavering.

"If you find it difficult to fall asleep on your own, I'll help you sleep."
"How?"

I thought he was a skeleton magician who would cast sleep magic to put us to sleep, but the Skeleton Instructor made a gesture of striking someone's head with his sword.
He wasn't a magician but a warrior—as a fellow enthusiast of physical magic, I had to respect that.

"If you don't fall asleep within 10 minutes, I'll help you sleep. Unlike Professor Sadako, I'm quite kind, aren't I? Gel-gel-gel."
"I don't know if he's the professor's student, assistant, or friend, but someday I'll definitely kill him with my own hands."
"So Zuang, where are you going to sleep?"
"I can't sleep on the ground. I'm going to climb a tree."
"Want to climb the same tree?"

Zuang quickly scaled the tree with her leg strength.
Her look seemed to ask how I was going to climb up. I smiled confidently and jumped toward the longest hanging branch.

"Hyah!"

I pulled the branch down to the ground, grabbed it, and climbed up. Zuang looked at me as if I were some kind of brute.

"What kind of assassin moves so noisily?"
"I'm not an assassin? I'm a magic swordsman."
"Right. It's good to have big dreams."

After climbing the tree to escape the rain, we could see Tito Soga standing nervously next to the Skeleton Instructor below.

"Um, Instructor. It's too cold with all this rain."
"My, how unfortunate."
"I'm shivering and scared. Can't I just go inside and watch from there?"
"My, how unfortunate."
"...That means no, right?"
"My, how unfortunate."
"..."

She looks even more pitiful being alone like that.

"Look, Giant King Crabs!"
"Hmm?"
"Giant King Crabs are dangerous. You'll protect me, right Instructor?"
"My, how unfortunate."
"It's problematic if that's your response! Please at least protect the exempt student!"

The Skeleton Instructor grinned and laughed, "Gel-gel-gel."

"...I'll just climb a tree too..."

Realizing the instructor had no intention of protecting her, Tito Soga belatedly tried to climb a tree.
Of course, tree climbing isn't easy for inexperienced people—it was just painful, sad, and difficult labor that resulted in scraped skin.

"Grab this and climb up!"
"Thanks, Oknodie...!"

Tito Soga grabbed the portable rope I lowered and climbed up, looking noticeably exhausted.

"See that? There's light."

Zuang pointed to a nearby clearing.
Listening carefully, I could hear students screaming and the sound of metal being chewed and pounded.

"Gel-gel-gel. They've already started next door."

Those were the pitiful screams of students experiencing the extreme challenge of trying to sleep in cages while avoiding Giant King Crabs.
I had hoped they would take all the Giant King Crabs in the area over there, but the Skeleton Instructor was even more psychotic than we thought.

"Crabs, dinner time!"

The Skeleton Instructor opened a feed container and scattered shrimp and clams—favorite foods of King Crabs—all over the ground.
Before we could even scream at this atrocity, the clacking sounds approached from all directions.
Tito Soga's eyes welled up with tears.

"What's going to happen to us now..."
"Maybe we can just pretend to sleep?"
"I never thought I'd say this, but I miss Professor Sadako so much."

Zuang, who had been as afraid of Professor Sadako as Tito Soga was, muttered with a gloomy face.