# <13 - Collector's Paradise>

There were two transportation options: carriage and ship.
So naturally, I assumed it would be one of those two.
But the butler's competence was truly exceptional.

"What is this?"
"It's an airship."

An unfamiliar mode of transportation appeared.

"I heard the news. You're going to take the entrance exam with my lady."
"Your maid is quite diligent. That's how it turned out."
"Unfortunately, airship tickets are limited in quantity. The ones I acquired were the last available."

Jonna proudly produced three tickets from his breast pocket.
A hint of mockery gleamed in his fierce eyes.

"If you don't want to be late, you should find a carriage or merchant ship now."

The butler wore a satisfied expression, pleased to have rid himself of an unwelcome man.
But his triumphant smile faded when we arrived at the airport and an elderly gentleman approached Gisele.

"Here are your boarding passes."
"Thank you. I'll pay you the agreed amount right away."

Gisele purchased one ticket for the price of two.
Seeing the sour expression on Butler Jonna's face, it was his turn to wear a subtle smirk.

"Surely you wouldn't interfere with fellow Ticket Exam candidates enjoying a journey on the same airship?"
"I don't know what you mean. I was merely looking after transportation arrangements as my lady's butler, ensuring her acquaintance wouldn't be inconvenienced."
"You're not very good at playing innocent. You should study acting more."

Jonna's expression soured.
Leape, who was following behind with a snack basket, came to his aid with a remark.

"Don't be too complacent. Airships have frequent accidents. We're accompanying our lady to protect her, but you've sent away all your guards, haven't you, Gisele?"
"How kind of you both. The butler and maid are so considerate toward my lady's acquaintance."

You're weak, so don't act tough.
If you want help, try groveling a bit more.
Let's see if you can read the room and crawl.
Despite Leape's cold eyes that seemed to say such things, Gisele maintained his composed expression.

"Ah, have I not made introductions yet?"
"...?"
"Since our routes have changed, I've hired a new guard to accompany me."

When Gisele gestured toward someone, a familiar face approached.

"Oh, it's that little mouse from before."
"Ugh, it's that bearded hulk."

The monkey beastman.
The man who had successfully completed the 4th-tier material collection request approached.
As if to drive the point home to the skeptical maid, the monkey beastman pulled out a ticket from his pocket and spoke.

"They said they'd pay for my airship ticket if I just acted as a guard. This employer is quite generous."

A one-way trip to the entrance exam site costs 10 gold coins.
That's the same price as a Silver Ticket for the entrance exam.
Poor players who are strapped for cash and spending every last coin couldn't even dream of such transportation.
NPCs in difficult circumstances face the same problem.
Those pursuing dreams of glory can barely afford the ticket price to reach the exam site.
Since the ticket cost would be covered, it made sense for the monkey beastman to gladly accept the guard duty.

"......"
"......"

As a result, only Jonna and Leape, who disliked Gisele, looked extremely displeased.

"That's not right!"

I put my hands on my hips and scolded Jonna and Leape.

"With Bard before and now with this, you two are being too rude to people who try to get close to me."
"You misunderstand. We're merely eliminating potential threats for your safe journey..."

Tug, tug.
I pulled on his sleeve, and Jonna stopped mid-sentence, bending his knee with a "what now?" expression.
I brought my finger to his lips as he lowered himself.

"Shh!"

Jonna froze in surprise.
I pressed my finger against his cold lips with a hint of mischief.

"Gisele is not a threat. He's a late student who hasn't given up on his academic dreams despite his age and isn't afraid of learning!"
"Look here, little lady. When you say it like that, you make me sound too old."
"Why be embarrassed when you talk like someone who'd drink red ginseng candy? Gisele, you are old. Don't be ashamed of being a late student!"

Life should be lived boldly.

"Enduring shame to become stronger isn't embarrassing. It's courageous!"

Jonna's sharp demeanor softened considerably.
Even Leape's cold face showed a hint of amusement.
Perhaps they all felt more generous after hearing about Gisele's dedication to academics at an advanced age.

"I really want to give you a knuckle sandwich."
"Hahaha! For a little squirt, you've got quite the silver tongue."

I unintentionally caused some trouble.
Gisele became the monkey beastman's target of teasing until we boarded the airship.


* * *


<Transportation Event>
The end of long training is real combat!
You who have honed your skills for the Academy entrance exam.
Now it's time to reap the rewards.
Choose your transportation to the Academy and head to the exam site!

The main event following the Random Papa Event and Ticket Exam.
The Transportation Event.
Though I lucked out unintentionally because Jonna secured airship tickets, this is definitely not a common occurrence.

"Jonna, airships are so expensive."
"Don't worry. Master was greatly pleased by the report of your achievements. You may consider this airship as a reward from the Master."
"A reward?"

This is an incredibly generous reward that a rural local noble wouldn't even dream of offering.
Oknodie's character's father must not be an ordinary noble but an immensely wealthy one.

"What was Father's name again?"
"You'll learn when the time comes."

I pretended to have forgotten, hoping to avoid being asked how a daughter could not know her father's name, but surprisingly, the response suggested it was natural for me not to know.
What's this about?
Is Oknodie set up as a noble's illegitimate child?
That would make sense.
It would explain why she lives apart from her magnificent noble father and only received a letter and a whistle.

"Wow! Look at this. The place written in the letter is the same as the place on the ticket."

I checked the letter on impulse and was shocked.
Can nobles know the entrance exam location in advance?
More than a month before the Ticket Exam begins?

"Shh."

A gloved hand covered my excited lips.

"Please don't speak so loudly."
"Why? Is it not airship etiquette?"
"You might be disqualified from the entrance exam for cheating."
"!!"

What? Give me back my entrance exam.
Is there really a fool who gets disqualified for cheating at the entrance in a game about graduating from the Academy?
That's absolutely unacceptable.
Such a cruel future shouldn't exist!
I shut my mouth in fear, but somehow the hand covering my lips wouldn't move away.
...Could he still be upset about earlier?

"Jonna."
"Oh my."

Only after Leape's admonishment did Jonna realize his rudeness and remove his hand.
As I glared at him with my lips tightly pressed together in displeasure, he promptly apologized, which was typical of the butler.
He's surprisingly gentle despite his appearance.

"My lady, since we're on this rare airship journey, how about touring the facilities to avoid boredom?"

The butler subtly suggested, seemingly wanting to change the atmosphere.
Of course, there was only one place I wanted to go.

"I want to go to the restaurant!"
"Besides restaurants, the airship has an observation room for viewing scenery, a sky garden capturing natural landscapes, a theater with resident musicians, tanning spots, and more."
"I want to go to the restaurant!"
"At night, some facilities change their purpose and become lounge bars or gambling halls."
"Restaurant!"
"...Very well. Let's go to the restaurant first."

Yay, cookbook collection!
I'm so excited!

"My lady really loves eating."

You poor things don't understand the importance of the cooking book.
The cooking book offers the ultimate growth efficiency.
The collection effect has increased significantly thanks to the past month and a half.
If I were to look at the list, it would be something like this:

[Currently Collected Recipes - 102 types]
[Collection Effects]
All Recipes Collected 10 types - Item Drop Rate 1% increase.
All Recipes Collected 20 types - Item Drop Rate 1% increase.
......
All Recipes Collected 50 types - Item Drop Rate 1% increase. Health 1 increase.
All Recipes Collected 90 types - Item Drop Rate 1% increase.
All Recipes Collected 100 types - Item Drop Rate 1% increase. Health 1 increase.
Vegetarian Recipes Collected 10 types - Plant Additional Damage 1% increase.
Vegetarian Recipes Collected 20 types - Plant Additional Damage 1% increase.
Meat (Land) Recipes Collected 10 types - Beast Additional Damage 1% increase.
Meat (Air) Recipes Collected 10 types - Aerial Additional Damage 1% increase.
Seafood Recipes Collected 10 types - Underwater Additional Damage 1% increase.
Desserts Collected 10 types - <Sweet Smile> Function Acquired.
Desserts Collected 20 types - <Sweet Breath> Function Acquired.
......
Rare Recipes Collected 10 types - Rare Item Drop Rate 1% increase.
Rare Recipes Collected 20 types - Rare Item Drop Rate 1% increase.
Rare Recipes Collected 30 types - Rare Item Drop Rate 1% increase.
Rare Recipe [Snow Flower Shaved Ice] Collected - Ice Affinity 1% increase.
Rare Recipe [Three-Color Apple Juice] Collected - Nature Affinity 1% increase.
......
Rare Recipe [Mt. Shinjeong Raw Fish Rice Bowl] Collected - Underwater Breathing increased by 1 minute.

It's too much information to remember everything.
That's why I have a notebook I begged Jonna to buy, filled with detailed notes about the foods I've eaten and their expected effects.
All written in Korean.
For people who use the alphabet, Korean is an unfamiliar language.
Even if someone were to find it, they wouldn't be able to read the contents.
If I wrote "I think eating shaved ice will increase ice resistance by 1%" in their language, I might worry about being locked up in a monastery for mental illness in this world.

"My goodness! This is heaven!"
"Are you that pleased?"

Unlike the wealthy young ladies we passed on our way who headed to the auction house with determined steps, or the noble daughters who gracefully made their way to the theater.
My steps, obsessed with collecting cooking recipes, led to the restaurant, and that choice proved to be the right one.

[Airship Sky Buffet]
[5 courses with 20 dishes each, totaling 100 menu items]

Now this is what I'm talking about!