# 279 - Boarding Ticket

Titoso was fiddling with the gold-embossed boarding ticket.

"About this... Why did they give us tickets to board the ship? Is it like a souvenir?"
"Whatever it is, there must be a reason. Just don't lose it. I have a bad feeling about that."

Arcadia felt an ominous premonition.
As someone from the maritime nation of Florence Kingdom, she knew the value of ships more accurately than other students.
The size of this cruise ship was excessively large.
Too large to be used for just over a hundred students.

"Lady Arcadia, you're not enjoying this at all. We're on such a magnificent ship!"
"Tito. Have you counted how many crew members we've seen coming and going?"
"Not at all?"
"Over two hundred."
"Wow. That's a lot!"
"And that's just on the deck where we're staying."
"...Isn't this ship incredibly spacious beyond just the deck?"
"Now do you understand?"

No one makes large investments without reason.
Especially not if the party in question is the Foundation.

"They're making an investment right now. An excessive investment that we can't possibly repay. And big shots always have confidence they'll recover such investments one way or another."
"...I'm starting to get a little scared of this ship."
"Now do you see? Why I've been careful about using the cruise ship's facilities?"

Titoso nodded repeatedly with a terrified expression.
Though he looked pitiful, cowering like a small animal trembling to avoid a predator, it was better to instill some fear in Titoso who lacked caution.
After thoroughly frightening Titoso, Arcadia narrowed her eyes as she examined the ticket under the light.

"Tito. May I see your boarding ticket for a moment?"
"Here you go..."
"Just as I suspected."
"Is there something on the ticket?"
"The numbers have changed."
"What?"
"The ticket number. The identification number used to verify the passenger's identity. Do you think it's normal for a boarding ticket to have numbers that should never change changing on their own?"
"Absolutely not!"
"I think we need to find Oknodie."

Arcadia sensed that if they did nothing, they would be caught up in an unmanageable situation.

"Oh my. It's the popular young lady♡"
"...Princess Mesugakki."
"Wanna see this~?"

Mesugakki pressed a button on something shaped like a gun that she had brought from somewhere.
Tududududu.
Titoso's eyes widened as he watched banknotes being ejected from the muzzle with fierce momentum.

"Wooow! Money is coming out!"
"Hehe. It's called a money gun♡ Fun toy, isn't it~?"
"...Surely that's not real money?"
"It is real though~? I even bought cocktails with it♡"

Arcadia's ominous feeling grew stronger.

"If you don't mind, may I see your boarding ticket?"
"Hmm~? Is there something about the boarding ticket~?"
"If you show me, I'll share information with you."
"Then I'll show you♡"
"Y-Your Highness. Readily handing over your possessions to someone from the frontier is..."
"Cheddar~?"
"Yes, Your Highness."
"Don't be cheeky♡"

At the princess's single remark, Cheddar Potato Pizza grimaced and shut his mouth.
She truly was a princess with an extraordinary presence.

"Your Highness."
"You can call me Mesugakki~?"
"Didn't your boarding number start with a single digit?"

Looking at the boarding number Arcadia pointed to, Princess Mesugakki answered cheerfully.

"I don't know♡"
"Even though it's your own ticket?"
"It doesn't really matter if I don't know about such things~?"

Well, for an imperial princess, a boarding ticket was something she could simply have reissued if lost.
If it were an ordinary ticket, that is.
Sensing something from Arcadia's attitude, the princess stopped a passing crew member.

"Excuse me, staff~?"
"Did you call, ma'am?"
"I'd like to have my boarding ticket reissued~"

The crew member looked at the ticket in Arcadia's hand and said:

"If you already possess a ticket, I recommend that you take good care of the one you have."
"Hey~ What happens if I don't have a ticket~?"
"You will lose your qualification as a passenger and will not be able to use our cruise ship's services."

A smile spread across Princess Mesugakki's face, as if she had found a toy more fun than the money gun.

"The Foundation knows how to play too♡"

After sending the staff away, Princess Mesugakki took the ticket from Arcadia and asked:

"What's different about yours~?"
"The number of digits is different to begin with. If my guess is correct, this number corresponds to the resources needed to use services on the ship, like the Academy's point system."

Hearing this, Princess Mesugakki stared at the ticket while pressing the button on the money gun.

Click.

As a few bills were ejected, the boarding number spun like a roulette and decreased.

[Arcadia, No.00100015]
[Mesugakki, No.00008743]

The bright smile on Princess Mesugakki's face visibly stiffened.
Though she wasn't quite sure, she began to feel she had done something extremely dangerous.


* * *


"Doesn't it seem like there are fewer people?"
"What do you mean?"

At Rogini's words as she enjoyed the sunshine under a parasol, Sand Cooker, who had been rolling around in a pile of sand, raised his head.
The students who had been quite numerous until just a while ago had indeed thinned out.

"They probably went to explore the ship. It's such a big vessel after all."
"I guess so. The weather's getting darker, so I was thinking of heading in. What about you?"
"If I can't enjoy photosynthesis, there's no reason to stay on deck. Let's go together."

After washing off the sand and salt in the shower booths, the students entered the ship.
Among the students dispersing to places of interest like the arcade or training room, Rogini and Sand Cooker headed to the same place.
After enjoying some rest, where would mages go? Of course...

"Board games."
"Board games it is."

The two headed to the lounge and picked up a deck of trump cards.
Unlike complicated board games that are difficult to understand, trump cards have simple rules and are easy to play with.
While they were deep into their card game, they noticed a student running hurriedly down the corridor.

"How rude."
"That would definitely have earned demerits at the Academy."

As they gossiped about their unrefined peer regardless of gender while enjoying their sophisticated card game, an explosion sounded from somewhere on the ship.

"Ah!"
"Idiot."

Sand Cooker, who had dropped his cards, stuck his head under the table.
As he picked up the fallen cards from the floor, he was startled and raised his head, banging it against the table with a thud.

"Are you really an idiot?"
"Ugh..."

Even while clutching his head in pain, Sand Cooker somehow couldn't take his eyes off what he saw.
He hadn't been conscious of it all along, but Rogini sitting across from him was wearing a swimsuit that showed confidence in her figure with just a robe thrown over it, sitting in the chair with her legs curled up.
Her legs, gathered together but tilted slightly, created a mesmerizing sight where the flesh of her calves and thighs was pressed together.

"The-the ship is rocking, so it's hard to grab them."
"You really are an idiot."

Maybe he really was an idiot.
What on earth am I doing?
As Sand Cooker, feeling needlessly self-deprecating, tried to steady himself on the table to get out, something fluttered down onto the back of his hand from above.

"How many cards did you drop?"
"It's not mine. It was under the table."

Sand Cooker placed the card he had picked up on the table.
Rogini showed curiosity.

"A card hidden by a card shark?"
"There's no way a trump card used for One Card would have such an absurd denomination on it."

[+10000]

What could this be?
Rogini, fidgeting with the card out of a mage's scholarly curiosity, blinked in surprise.

[+9000]

The number had decreased.
What did I just do?
She had merely overlapped the card with her wallet containing her boarding card while fidgeting with it.
When she overlapped the cards again, the number decreased to 8000.
With a suspicion, she took out her boarding card.
When she overlapped the two cards, the number decreased even more.
Conversely, the boarding number on her boarding card had clearly increased.

[Rogini, No.00102915]

"Sand. Try putting that against your boarding card."

Sand Cooker's boarding number was also increasing in real time.
The two realized.
This isn't just a simple boarding number.

"Could it be currency?"
"It must be something like points."
"What are you going to do, Rogini?"
"Collect as many as possible, of course. Having extra points has never hurt anyone."

As they diligently searched for places where points might be hidden, they kept finding point cards in unexpected places.
They found +5000 points inside a fire hydrant, +50 points in a shoe rack, and even +10000 points in glowing numbers on the ceiling of a darkened room.

"Do they get deducted for facility usage fees?"
"Probably."
"Weren't there students who rushed off to use the special rooms?"
"Many of them. We were lucky we had light luggage and played on the deck instead of securing rooms first."

Still, a question arose.

"What happens when you run out of points?"
"Why bother thinking about it? We can just ask a crew member, like we would ask an instructor."

True to her reputation as a mage from the Red Magic Tower, Rogini walked straight up to a crew member and asked directly.
The crew member answered politely with a smile.

"You will be charged for the additional points consumed."
"How?"
"You select an item from the collection menu. Would you like to view the menu in advance for 1000 points?"

Sand Cooker, unable to contain his curiosity, spoke from behind.

"Let's split it."
"We'll buy it half and half."

Sand Cooker and Rogini opened the collection menu.
Their hands froze in place.

━━━
Blood collection: 10 points per 1ml
Hall service: 100 points per hour
...
Breaking finger joints: 100 points per instance
Tooth extraction: 1000 points each
...
Receiving Foundation scholarship: 100,000 points
Arranged marriage: 1,000,000 points
━━━

Their playful mood completely vanished.