# 420 - The Trap in Oknodie's Private Room

Due to its innate racial characteristics, the ultra-rare monster Mandrake can increase its abilities just by drinking water, drawing nutrients from the soil, and photosynthesizing in sunlight.
Mandrakes are notorious for their "Death Scream."
The scream of an adult Mandrake creates a merciless synergistic effect, enhanced with all sorts of dangerous functions like sound amplification, echo, soul imprinting, and defense penetration.

"Haha. I did it. I kidnapped a newborn baby Mandrake that its parents had planted in a sunny spot!!"

The danger of Mandrakes, which turn their surroundings into hell just by approaching, is infamous even among monsters.
That's why Mandrakes tend to monopolize dangerous spots where the soil is most excellent and ley lines flow—places where a forest's owner might reside.
If you encounter an Elder Mandrake over 100 years old, it creates an ecosystem where all monsters in the surrounding forest area fear and obey the Mandrake's "Voice Transmission."

"It's not Elder-class, but I finally found the habitat of an adult Mandrake that hunts monsters while giving up sunny spots to raise its offspring. Hehe."

Orkcatch was truly happy until he managed to store the baby Mandrake—obtained after overcoming life-threatening dangers through painstaking efforts—in the deepest part of the club greenhouse.
If he could just raise this one properly by controlling its growth rate, his 4th-year graduation project would be guaranteed!

But that happiness was stolen.

While he was away, intoxicated by his own diligence in planning for the future despite being only a 3rd-year, his club room was ransacked.
The other club members' plants were fine, but precisely his Mandrake was stolen.

"Was it you guys? Who else would steal my Mandrake if not you?"
"Club president, would we be crazy enough to raise a plant that kills its owner if mishandled?"
"That thing is so rare that it's hard to find buyers even if you wanted to sell it. What's the point of stealing it?"

At first, he suspected his club members, but their excuses made sense.
There was no reason for the plant club members, who were aware of the Mandrake's dangers, to take such a risk to steal it.

"A first-year. And a very small one at that."

The 4th-year student, hired at great expense, circled the club room once and identified the culprit.
It didn't take long to realize Oknodie was the perpetrator.
The Bronze Professor of the Supreme Martial Arts pretended not to know about his disciple's crime, but Orkcatch already noticed the master was trying to cover up for his student.

"Actually, this might be for the best. As long as she doesn't sell it, she'll raise that dangerous thing for me."

Orkcatch quietly waited for the perfect opportunity—when the Mandrake would grow enough for him to just pluck its fruit.
He also created a chance to separate Oknodie.
Second and third-year students.
He arranged for many students who held grudges against Oknodie to hold her back.
At least three hours.
Oknodie wouldn't be able to return to the dormitory.
Many upper-class residents on the first floor of the first-year girls' dormitory had also left to settle scores with someone called Dobi.
He'd also received intelligence that the dorm supervisor had fallen into despair and was drowning in alcohol after losing her pet rock Elizabeth.

"Today's the day. Today's the day we act. We're definitely getting the Mandrake back today!"

He persuaded and coaxed club members to participate in the crime.
But a variable occurred.

"Is that really a Mandrake that's only grown for half a year? It looks like it's about nine years old!"

The Mandrake had grown so large that the water bottle was becoming cramped.
Its roots were so strong that they pushed back against the vines at every extension.
While it was understandable to be overpowered by strength, how could its reflexes be so good?

[20. 19. 18]

The mysterious countdown drilling into his mind was also ominous.
Despite the defensive magic he'd carefully placed on his ears, he was being blocked not by screams but by the baby Mandrake's root swinging.

"Focus your firepower!"

<Telekinetic Magic>
<Binding Vines>
<Rapid Growth>

The magic unleashed by three club members instantly lifted the Mandrake's roots that had sprung out of the water bottle, wrapped them in vines, and began tightening by growing the entwined vines.

<Rampage>
<Thrashing>

"Kuhak! Th-the telekinetic magic was forcibly broken... urgh."
"Ughk!! The vines were broken by sheer force!"
"Someone stop those roots! It hurts like hell!"

The Mandrake wasn't screaming despite their ears being fully defended, but instead was physically beating up the intruders!

"President, you never mentioned this. How can a Mandrake have such strong physical power?!"
"I don't know, damn it. Drop the defenses and increase firepower!!"
"What if it screams then?"
"We're about to get beaten to death anyway!!"

If they collapsed from the Mandrake's scream, people would understand, but if they collapsed covered in bruises from the Mandrake's roots, they'd be called all sorts of idiots.
If they didn't want to become a laughingstock club with rumors spreading throughout the school about failing to recapture a Mandrake and being exposed by a first-year's pet plant, they needed to show something here.

<Mental Defense Release>
<Penetration Shield Release>
<Soundproof Barrier Release>
<Vibration Absorption Release>
<Mental Awakening Imprint Release>

Mana returned as the defenses placed on their ears were released en masse.
With that surplus power, they scattered freshly taken plant seeds from their pockets and simultaneously deployed magic.

<Rapid Growth - Parasitic Grass>
<Energy Absorption>
<Forced Weakness Curse>

<Rapid Growth - Thorn Grass>
<Burrowing>
<Thorn Explosion>

<Rapid Growth - Stomping Grass>
<Kicking>
<Trampling>

The club members instantly recreated wild, violent plant monster techniques from seeds—techniques that a pet plant growing peacefully in a water bottle could never dream of!
Befitting upper-class students who survived the harsh Academy, their plant-handling skills were truly remarkable.

"Pawa-wasi-tic."
"Tho-tho-thorns."
"Sto-sto-stomp."
"Waaah!"

The baby Mandrake that had been rampaging as if unstoppable was now struggling.
One of its roots visibly withered.
Its rootlets bled sap from thorn damage.
It couldn't even properly counter the Stomping Grass's large feet as it tried to block kicks to the water bottle.
The baby Mandrake was helplessly succumbing to the violent joint attack, almost pitifully.

"Why won't this thing collapse?!"
"It's too tough!"
"President, what do we do?!"

It was meaningless if it wouldn't collapse despite being thoroughly beaten.

[10. 9. 8]

And the countdown was racing toward its end!
Orkcatch gritted his teeth and opened a pouch containing expensive rare ingredients.

"Everyone cover your noses!"

<Paralysis Powder>
<Sleep Powder>
<Confusion Powder>

Orkcatch scattered handfuls of powder and swiftly deployed chain magic.

<Flower Seed Scattering>
<Target Designation: Powder Dispersion>
<Resistance Weakening Curse>
<Potency Enhancement>
<Forced Amplification>

A chain technique that increases the probability of inflicting status ailments and mercilessly amplifies them once inflicted!
The baby Mandrake's roots, which had stood firm even against 4-on-1 group violence, went limp.
They'd done it.
Now they just needed to grab the water bottle and run within five seconds.
It was at this moment that Orkcatch was certain of victory.

[Kyaaaaaaaaaah!!!]

"Uwaaaaah!!! It's the death scream!!!"
"We've been tricked!!! The physical power was the Mandrake's deception to make us release our defenses!!!"
"Uhuhuung!!! I don't want to die!!!"

Club members wailing with tears and snot!
Like them, Orkcatch felt dizzy and was horrified that something terrible had happened, but he noticed something was different.
If it were a real Mandrake scream, they wouldn't even have the luxury to scream so dramatically as if the world were ending.
They would just collapse with foam at their mouths.
This wasn't a Mandrake's scream.
Didn't the sound strangely resemble a human girl's scream?

"Get a grip! This is Oknodie's trick. It's not a Mandrake's scream!"
"Huh? I heard the scream but didn't get paralyzed?"
"There's no blood flowing from my ears either."
"They said virgins die when they hear the scream, so why am I still alive? Wait. Could someone have taken my virginity while I was asleep?!"
"I said get a grip, you lunatic!"
"Ack! I'm back, I'm back! Just don't hit me!"

Orkcatch slapped the back of the head of the guy who was talking nonsense, apparently severely confused.
Whatever was happening, if it wasn't a real scream, they just needed to kidnap the Mandrake and leave.
As Orkcatch reached for the Mandrake one more time, he felt a chill from the sound in his ears.

[Countdown zero. Activating lock. Activating barrier. Activating multiple defense mechanisms. Activating voice message.]

The countdown had ended.
Simultaneously, the magical formulas densely inscribed throughout the dormitory began activating one by one.

[Hestia! Did you forget the security formula and enter my room again? You're so careless. But if you're an intruder, I'll have to teach you a lesson, so I won't forgive you so easily.]
[If you're really Hestia, you'd remember what we had for lunch on May 15th, right? I'll forgive you if you give the correct answer.]

"Are you kidding me? I can barely remember what I ate yesterday, how am I supposed to remember some old cafeteria menu?!"
"President, what do we do?"
"It's just a first-year's trap, so let's just break through by force, President. Just like the fake scream, the countdown and these magical formulas appearing now are probably all fake too."
"They're not fake."
"What?"

Orkcatch's hands trembled.

"When I was an ignorant second-year, I once tried to break into a professor's lab to steal experimental materials. The security formulas I saw then were similar to this level."

The sophistication of the formulas already exceeded third-year level.
This was fourth-year knowledge level.

"Even I can't solve these formulas."

He couldn't solve the formulas.
He didn't know the answer.
There was only one outcome.

"So what do we do?"
"What can we do? We're already trapped. We have to stay here until the room's owner returns."
"Huk!"
"And with a Mandrake that's all riled up because of us..."
"Huuuuk!!!"

Tears welled up in the club members' eyes.