# <159 - Enemy Event>

It felt incredibly refreshing to use my full strength after such a long time.

"Ah~ That was fun!"
"...Fun? Ha. Haha. Is that all you have to say after turning the outdoors into a wasteland?"
"Didn't you have fun, senior?"
"I don't know about fun, but my heart was certainly racing."
"That's proof that it was fun!"

Senior Io put his hands in his pockets and turned around with a face that had lost all fighting spirit.

"Io, sir?!"
"Aren't you going to settle things with Oknodie?"
"She might still be possessed by an evil spirit. Look at that ominous power!"
"No, Oknodie might be the one controlling the evil spirit! As the Dark Princess, she might be capable of such things!"
"Shut up."

Io glared at the students who were egging him on.

"I don't know what class this Dark Princess is, but Oknodie certainly showed dignity."
"Dignity...sir?"
"Look at the grass around her."

Around me?
Ah, he's talking about how I controlled the range to avoid hurting Arcadia and Titosoga behind me.
The grass swept away in a 270-degree direction.
Craters dotted the ground everywhere.
Yet behind me, a 90-degree space remained pristine like a safe zone.

"S-she blocked the aftereffects of her power?!"
"Such precise mana control, it's terrifying!!"
"As expected of someone with evil wisdom who can even extract human souls...!"

Io snorted at the sight of the bewildered seniors and walked away.

"I'll retreat today. But next time will be different."

Titosoga, who had briefly caught my glance, startled and pulled at Arcadia's collar to hide her face.
Io looked at the rings on my and Arcadia's hands, then gave up and left.

[You have completed the <Ghost Exorcism> event.]
[5000 points have been awarded as a reward for successful completion of the event.]
[You have become enemies with Exorcist Io.]
[The advanced function of Sensory Focus, Ultra Focus, has been unlocked.]
[Electric Punch experience +10]
[Charging experience +5]
[Guarding experience +5]
[Synesthesia experience +1]
[Ultra Focus experience +1]

In the end, I received rewards twice.
It became a double event!


* *


The second-year students who were weakly following Io felt that the path they were taking was somehow familiar.

"Isn't this the way to that place?"
"Yeah. Where that criminal consultant Bellocasio is."
"I don't want to get involved with that guy anymore."

The members of the Red Tooth Mushroom Cultivation Management Association hesitated and then fled in the opposite direction from Io.

'Cowards.'

Though he inwardly mocked them, Io didn't try to stop them.
His business wasn't with these small fry but with Bellocasio, the one who had manipulated them to move him.
Academy Production Department's exclusive site.
The closed old factory district.
As he entered one of the abandoned factories, a sharp killing intent flew at him.

I'm watching you.

A gaze that seemed to warn him like that.
Someone weak-hearted would turn back without even setting foot inside.

"How ridiculous."

He already knew the identity of the owner of this killing intent.
A student who acted as Bellocasio's secretary and self-appointed bodyguard.
The criminal consultant's henchman.
The cruel cat beastkin, Dead Cat.

Clank.

As he pushed open the heavy iron door with one hand, the interior of the converted factory was revealed.
Large sacks and drums filled with contents, and various materials piled up everywhere.
These were the wealth and assets Bellocasio had accumulated through his contract fraud business.

"Who dares to enter Bellocasio's hideout so carelessly... Gasp! Exorcist Io!"
"Perfect timing. Lead the way. Tell him I'm here."

Bellocasio's underling, who had rushed to chase away the intruder, ran with a face as if he'd seen a ghost.
Following slowly behind, Io discovered a man sitting crookedly in a large chair with one foot up, beyond the triple doors that hadn't been closed properly.
The man twirling a pointed staff with one hand while wearing a strange self-moving cloak to alleviate his boredom was Bellocasio.

"Go away."

The underling fled through the opposite exit, careful not to make eye contact.

"This was your doing, wasn't it?"
"I don't know what you're talking about."
"I heard your capital situation isn't good since you lost workers to the Dark Association recently created by the first-years. Do you think you can continue your villain games with me as your enemy?"

Normally, no matter how senior the class, there would be no need to be wary of a mere student.
With enough manpower and capital, it wasn't difficult to deliberately interfere with a single student's lecture performance.
What if you monopolize the materials needed for lectures first and control 99.9% of the goods so that they don't reach a specific student?

'I can control even the grades of those who interfere with my business as I wish.'

This was why Bellocasio could maintain his <Contract Fraud Business> even with second-year senior class students around.
However, the situation became complicated with the emergence of Arcadia and Gisele's joint business, the <Dark Association>.

'If you can't monopolize goods, there's no point in collecting them. People can just buy from the Dark Association.'

As a result, the goods he had painstakingly collected using manpower and time became a burden.
Items collected to increase their value for monopoly became bad merchandise that needed to be disposed of quickly.
He had been thoroughly played by mere first-years.

'I thought it was a good opportunity that came up.'

The sudden massive spread of negative energy.
By linking this with rumors of a parent operating without a license ticket, he had moved Exorcist Io.
Titosoga was Oknodie's friend.
He expected that if Io took action, Oknodie would naturally try to stop him, and a fight would break out between the two sides.
Based on the general assessment of Oknodie, while she was known for being versatile and knowledgeable, overwhelming force made people scratch their heads.
Even in the entrance exam, she had passed using wit and wisdom before resorting to force!
In terms of pure combat ability, she might be below average for the first-year senior class.
If so, Io, a second-year senior class student, would have a chance.
A plan that seemed perfect in his mind.
But the words Io spoke upon finding him were completely different.

"What were you thinking, pitting me against that monster kid? You weren't trying to eliminate me because I'm interfering with your ghost business, were you?"
"You misunderstand. I did want to take down Oknodie, but I never thought you would lose."

Oknodie was strong.
A possessor of dark mana.
The technique to extract people's souls as beads.
A child destined to become the Dark Princess.
He had dismissed the numerous rumors.
After all, she was just an 11-year-old first-year.
He thought they were exaggerated rumors spread by the Dark Association.
Reality was different.
"Did Oknodie beat you?"
"Not exactly. I could have won if I had entered Charging Stage 2."
"Then what's the problem?"
"The amount of dark mana she possesses is alarming."
"...Dark mana doesn't naturally increase in quantity, does it?"
"Considering that, the amount was even more alarming. If I had charged a bit longer, that child, despite her high mana control, might have self-destructed from power she couldn't handle."

Dark mana has some similarities with the negative energy that ghosts handle, so as an exorcist, he has some knowledge about it.
In Io's judgment, Oknodie had almost died from her mana going berserk before their confrontation.
Using more power would make control impossible.
She might die.
She must have been aware of such a crisis.
Yet she continued to increase her output without stopping.
Like someone who, instead of loosening the reins to avoid an oncoming carriage, whips and spurs the horse even more.

"That child is a monster worse than a ghost. A monster who can drive herself to the brink of death without hesitation, disregarding the warnings of survival instinct."
"...What?"
"I can catch ghosts. I can knock down people possessed by ghosts. But humans trained by those worse than ghosts are different. They can't be fixed with violence."

Oknodie is such a monster created by the Foundation.
At his assertion, Bellocasio's secretary, who had been harboring killing intent all along, came out from behind a shadowy pillar, wagging her tail.

"Yes, like your madwoman Dead Cat."

Dead Cat was a cat beastkin who had instilled fear in many students with her cruel methods since her first year.
Bellocasio realized he had turned someone who couldn't be handled by force into an enemy by suggesting Oknodie was no different from her.
Just from what he heard, she was at a level that simultaneously possessed Io's force and Dead Cat's deviancy.
Unlike Dead Cat, who remained his henchman and hunted targets he wanted, Oknodie wasn't a henchman of Arcadia or Gisele.
She might break through the window and invade his hideout today if she wanted.

"...Tell me what you want, Io."
"Ghostly artifacts should be eliminated. I don't intend to make the mistake of leaving a ghostly artifact with a dangerous student like Oknodie. Cooperate in creating an opportunity to eliminate the ghostly artifact."
"Fine. But in return, you'll have to do some errands for me for a while. I'll cooperate with these conditions."

The two shook hands. The interests of the two students who felt that Oknodie was a dangerous person who needed to be dealt with somehow aligned.

"How do you plan to create an opportunity to dispose of Oknodie's ghostly artifact?"
"Wait three weeks. The first semester midterm exams will begin soon."
"I see. The midterm exams."

Io understood.
Recalling last year's midterm exams when they were first-years, he couldn't help but understand.

"In an exam where it wouldn't be strange if a few students died, there should be an opportunity."

The first midterm exam at Gift Academy is much tighter than the mana verification test.
Even the top student in the first-year senior class wouldn't be able to pass easily.
Unlike the mana verification test, which was just high in difficulty, this time it would be a life-threatening test.

D-day is 20 days away.
The first semester enemy event, which would replace the Hestia rampage event, began to be generated.