# Enhanced Translation

"Ishtar. I need to drop that ball!"
"...It's impossible."

Despite the saintess's urging, Ishtar responded weakly.

"I could block it if I use all my remaining magic power. But after that, I won't be able to do anything else."
"No way..."

Does this mean they have to helplessly watch as Oknodie's dark ball evolves into the infinite acceleration lightning ice ball that must never be allowed to evolve?

"It won't be quite like that. Since the ball takes on the property it absorbs most, it would technically become an infinite acceleration ball."
"That logical distinction doesn't help us at all! Either way, Oknodie wins."

They certainly hadn't expected to be caught off guard like this even after successfully countering Oknodie's stage 4 ball.
Ishtar herself was acutely aware of it now.
She had always thought since the entrance exam that those without wit or creativity beyond brute force relied too heavily on strength, and that physical power was undervalued...
But experiencing it firsthand made her finally understand.
The advantage in raw power clearly belonged to Ishtar.
While Oknodie's dark mana was impressive, Ishtar was chosen by the one true god, the Sun Sophemia, bearing the righteous mission of a hero.
Yet being cornered like this and essentially forced to concede defeat could only be attributed to the difference in creativity.

'A complete defeat, truly.'

The students outside the court were also stirring.

"Did Oknodie win?"
"It's a checkmate."
"Look at the speed of that acceleration ball. There's not even an afterimage."
"Even a hero would struggle to block a ball like that after using up power to eliminate more than half of the remaining first-years."
"Even though the hero has the advantage, I hope Oknodie wins."
"Right. Oknodie is the one securing victory for the first-years."
"That hero only looked after her own party's grades during midterms."
"Oknodie also takes care of her own people, but many more people benefit from it."
"Wouldn't it be better to follow Oknodie at this point?"

Even students who disliked and avoided Oknodie were now cheering for her as the more likable option between her and Ishtar.
Saintess Yui narrowed her eyes into triangles and was about to scold the students, but Ishtar shook her head.

"It's fine. Leave them be."
"Ishtar..."
"I may lose my reputation, but I've won the battle."
"But... huh? You've won the battle?"
"Creativity. The Academy is ultimately about those with stronger thinking power winning. Now that I understand the essence, my eyes are clear. This situation is absolutely not disadvantageous to me."

<Hero's Enlightenment - When cornered, chance of gaining enlightenment increases by 5000%>

Even though Ishtar had focused entirely on strength, the power of enlightenment inherent to heroes granted her an intelligence uncharacteristic of a strength-obsessed enthusiast.

"When the stage 4 ball enters the infinite acceleration zone, defeat would be certain. Using power to block it would only result in it being absorbed. But there's a weakness."
"What weakness?"
"It's slow."
"Huh?"
"That ball is slow."
"...Ah!"

Yui realized it a moment later.
Oknodie also spoke with a face full of regret.

"Hmph. You figured it out."
"If I eliminate Oknodie before it enters the infinite acceleration zone, it's over."

The hero turned her sword tip.
Instead of targeting the stage 4 dark ball slowly advancing toward the infinite acceleration zone, she aimed at Oknodie.
Ishtar wasn't the only one exhausted.
In fact, having used such power twice, Oknodie was even more drained than Ishtar!

"Now. It's time to end this."
"...Says who?"

Crackle.
Electricity rising from the floor bound Ishtar's hands.

"!"
"A hero's resistance would normally easily overcome such an attack. But now that you're completely exhausted... it works."

<Electric Trap>
<Electrocution>

She could eliminate Oknodie with just one wing cutter swing, but this prevented her from doing so.
As Ishtar was immobilized by Kasia's final restraint, Yui's staff aimed at Kasia.

"Holy Arro-"

Clang! Thud.
A flying pan from somewhere struck Yui's head with a crisp sound.

"You thought only the hero's party had skilled members? Big mistake."

Zuang with her neat hair now completely disheveled.
She was the one who had thrown the pan that Isabel had dropped just before being eliminated.

"Don't dent the pan!"
"Is it okay if Oknodie gets hurt?"

Isabel closed her mouth with a look of extreme concern.
But due to her sudden movement, blood spurted again from the wound she had been keeping closed by pressing on acupressure points.
Tsk.
She truly was a monstrously strong woman.
Hero Ishtar.
Having faced her twice, it was a strength she didn't want to experience a third time.

"Stepping on the line means elimination, right?"

Zuang was about to step outside the line voluntarily.

"Ah-hahahahaha~~!"

At least until Mandela, the second-year top student with drill hair, spoke up as she watched the first-years' internal war descending into chaos.

"I heard the 981st class had many talented students, and it's true. The Light Hero and the Dark Princess. Either way, it was an exceptionally high-level battle."
"...Are you going to interfere, senior?"
"Not at all. I just want to see overflowing talents destroy each other before they target us second-years. I'm willing to set aside points for that."
"...Does that mean?"
"Yes. I forfeit."

Before the hero's attack could target Oknodie, Mandela declared her forfeit.
The hero and Oknodie, the two pillars of the 981st class first-years.
Just before their confrontation could reach a conclusion.
To ensure their rivalry wouldn't end.
With a macroscopic view, she gave up the winner's position in the inter-grade competition, forcibly cutting off the battle so the first-years' internal division couldn't be resolved with a clear winner and loser.

"If Mandela decided that, we should follow."
"If it's Mandela's choice, I have no objections."
"The Marchioness is trustworthy."

The remaining second-years also unanimously stepped on the line following Mandela.
Unlike the first-years divided between frontier and empire, lower and upper classes, the entire second-year grade absolutely trusted and followed Mandela.

"The inter-grade competition between first and second years ends with the first-years' victory."

Though it appeared to be a concession, the result was an upset with the first-years defeating the second-years.


* *


[You have won a victory in the inter-grade competition.]
[You made a significant contribution to the victory.]
[You have acquired 10,000 points for your decisive contribution.]
[Mandela's favorability has increased.]
[Most first-years' favorability toward you has increased.]
[Favorability of the minority of first-years who follow Hero Ishtar has decreased.]
[Professors are watching you with interest.]
[Some professors want to make you their teaching assistant.]
[Omoshiroi Dragon Headmaster thinks you're an interesting child.]

I gained an even greater reward than the ranking prize.
So many relationship changes!
That's because the inter-grade competition was the core event of the sports festival.
The timing was perfect.
If Senior Mandela hadn't helped me out, I might have been eliminated right there.
And painfully too, from the hero's strike!

"Thank you for your help, Senior Mandela!"
"Oh-hohoho~! If you want to thank someone, thank your adorable junior. I don't need to introduce who this is, right?"
"Big sister Arcadia?"

Arcadia, the Countess.
She had occasionally been seen suffering from bullies during the sports festival, but now appeared at an unexpected moment.

"Fufu. I have social connections with Marchioness Mandela and asked for a favor. It's far from enough to repay all the help Di has given me."
"Not at all. It was a huge help. Thanks to you, all the first-years earned free points!"

When Arcadia's contribution becomes known, all the students who spoke ill of her will disappear.

"No. Please don't use my name. It's enough if only Di knows my intentions."
"Why? Your position is unstable, big sister."
"Not at all. I have Senior Mandela who grants even unreasonable requests from juniors, and Di who is reliable despite being my peer."
"Still..."
"If you're really concerned, please widely spread that this achievement was Di's instead of mine. If the hero starts to check me, it would be very burdensome for me with my unstable backing."

So there was such a political reason.
Well, this cycle's hero is the type to strike first and ask questions later when annoyed.

"Then this is my heart!"

When I hugged the princess's waist, Arcadia stroked my head.
I closed my eyes contentedly as her hands tidied my hair that had become disheveled during the fight.

"Thank you, Di."
"I should be the one thanking you. Why are you thanking me, big sister?"
"Just because. I'm grateful for everything. Including all you've done behind the scenes for me during this sports festival."

Ah.
I tried to be discreet to avoid causing unnecessary worry, but was I already discovered?
Well, the bullies who got bitten by mosquitoes were screaming so loudly and having such dramatic accidents that I was startled several times while spying nearby.

"Even though I'm no longer a duke's daughter, I can still help Di. Just like today, in the future too."
"Why are you saying such things?"
"I just wanted you to know."

Perhaps Arcadia felt a little neglected because I was chasing after other events since she didn't have one.

"Then I'll tell you something good, just for you."
"What is it?"
"Rest well for an hour. As much as possible."
"Fufu. Why?"
"Next are the third-years."

Arcadia's puzzled face turned pale.
If we beat the second-years, we have to play dodgeball with the third-years.
Well, we'll probably lose.
But it will be a good experience.
The first-years don't yet properly understand how terrifying the third-years are.