# 118 - A Reaction That Shouldn't Be Shown

A week that must have felt like a nightmare for the freshmen had passed.

[You have completed the weekly event <Heavy Rain Week>.]
[100 points will be awarded as a survival bonus.]

"Wow!! That's meal money!!"
"Now we can buy food!!"

The lower-class students cheered.
Weekly events aren't always bad after all!
But as a veteran player, I'm trembling with fear.

"Arcadia. Please absolutely avoid having tea time at the outdoor tables this week."
"My goodness, Di. Haven't you missed having tea time with me? Has spending time with this big sister become bothersome and annoying? *Sniff sniff*"
"Ah, that's not it! It's for safety reasons."

Arcadia, who had been pretending to cry in jest, popped her head up from under her hands.

"Safety? Could anything be more dangerous than the Giant King Crabs roaming around last week?"
"Rain is scary when it's falling, but it's even scarier after it stops!"

Arcadia, who had lived by the sea all year round, didn't seem to sympathize much, perhaps because she was a water-attribute character. But this place has mountains nearby.
We can't make innocent remarks like "Non-salty water is falling!" as they might in the Kingdom of Florence, publicly known as a maritime power and privately called the Seafood Jumble Kingdom.

"Welcome, everyone. Did you have a good week? Actually, it doesn't matter if you didn't. You're powerless first-years after all. Just think you had a good time!"

Monday, first period, homeroom time.
Professor Mahabharata, the shapeshifter, blew everyone's minds with his smiling face.

"Oh, and this week, a new weekly event <Beware of Mosquitoes> has been announced, so be especially careful when going outside! You've already learned how terrifying mosquitoes can be from the entrance exam, right?"

Students who had nearly failed or couldn't use magic circles properly because of mosquitoes frowned deeply.
However, even they didn't understand the true terror of the <Mosquito Warning>.

"Oknodie. They say there will be lots of mosquitoes."
"That's great. I stocked up on mosquito repellent just in case. Business should be good this week too."
"Tsk. Can't go hiking in the mountains then. I'll have to eat my banana later."

My carefree colleagues.
Their attention turned to Xing, the Eastern swordsman, who suddenly stood up from his window seat.
Not just the three of them noticed him.
Xing, the most taciturn student in the upper class.
All the students showed interest in his unusually intense reaction.

"Did he forget to turn off the water in the bathroom?"
"Maybe he forgot an assignment."
"Could he be thinking about a lover he left back home? That man, though gruff, is quite handsome."

Unfortunately, everyone's guesses were wrong.

"Mosquito swarm!!!"
"Whaaaat?!"

He was startled by the swarm of mosquitoes flying in from outside the window.
And not just any mosquitoes—ones as big as fists.


* * *


There's a famous saying by a British economist that the road to hell is paved with good intentions.
Dragon Principal was no different from that saying.
He had no particular malice.
Rather, it was his consideration for the students that moved him, so Professor Mahabharata harbored doubts again today.

"What reason did you have for summoning a mosquito swarm this time, Principal?"
"After a flood, pests and epidemics tend to spread, so wouldn't it be troublesome if new students wander around freely while facilities are being purified and pest control is underway?"
"Your intentions are always admirable. It's just too burdensome for the students."

The Dragon Principal had something to say too.

"If they can't endure even that, do they deserve to enter the world's finest educational institution?"

His world's-finest rhetoric never stops.
Has this dragon forgotten the precedent of producing the world's greatest villain from his academy?

"Must I remind you of the precedent of a student who grew up robustly under your education in the academy's early days and became a respectable Demon King?"
"Oh my. Wasn't that all just a first-time game back then? Everyone makes mistakes at first and gets used to things."

The principal brushed it off with a joke.
Mahabharata agreed.
Despite everything, the principal had become much more benign over the past millennium.
Originally, he was a primal dragon who would storm into palaces demanding treasures, destroy a spire, kidnap a princess, and fill his lair with gold and silver plundered from treasuries.
He's been particularly absorbed in this amusement, and has developed somewhat of an educator's demeanor.

"Still, I'd appreciate it if you could be careful not to let students die. We have monthly guardian observation meetings, and what would people think if there were lots of empty seats with flower vases on desks where students used to sit?"
"This generation is so weak?"
"...They'll think you're a cruel dragon who abuses and kills children."
"I disagree with that opinion!"

The principal flared up angrily.

"Do you know how hard I'm trying to hold back from tormenting these freshmen like they're fourth-years!"
"...I would appreciate it if you could continue to restrain yourself."

As the first-year head teacher rather than a Dragon Guardian, Mahabharata made a sincere request.


* * *


Weekly events.
Determined each week according to the principal's whims, these events can cause some characters to plummet while others soar.
But if you obviously avoid those at a disadvantage and get close to those with advantages, your player reputation will plummet.
Build relationships diligently during normal times, and don't abandon or ignore companions who become burdens when times get tough!

This is difficult advice for novice players to follow, but it's a golden rule for surviving at the academy that even slightly experienced players cherish.

At the academy, just as electric attributes were strong and fire attributes were weak last week, this week fire attributes become strong and water attributes become weak in the elemental rotation.
Rather than following attribute characters every time, experienced players respond by cultivating a few selected attributes with a farmer's mindset!

Among the numerous weekly events, they analyze which ones occur more frequently and where the principal's interests lie.
This is the approach of expert players who consider the principal's conquest to be the key point.

But veteran players don't worry about such things and just develop the companions they want to.
Why?
Because they intend to overcome whatever event comes with their own abilities!
At this point, they might focus on strength characters like the hero Ishdar, or gather party members based solely on charm like a garden of flowers.
Occasionally, there are truly insane veteran players who create concept parties that are <So Simple Even Idiots Can Understand>, but I'd never do that—they're too scary even just watching on V-tube videos!

'Jigoku was a member of that concept party, but surprisingly, he was the mildest kind of crazy.'

Fortunately, the parties I've formed now are just the <Entrance Exam Party> and the <Group Project Loner Party>.
There's absolutely no chance of being kidnapped by a crazy psycho lesbian and being used as a floor mat, unable to attend class.
I just need to prepare to overcome the week by driving away mosquitoes.

"The assignments are scarier than mosquitoes..."
"I finish one assignment, and a new one appears, and when I finish that new one, another new one appears, and when I finish that one, yet another new one appears..."
"Did those Imperial bastards learn this as early education from childhood? Admirable fellows."

Well, students are too busy with assignments to care about weekly events!
That's why it's time for this Oknodie to step up.
Fortunately, the <Entrance Exam Party> consisting of Gisele, Isabel, Son O-cheon, Dorothy, and Rockfell can manage because Gisele has mosquito repellent.
But the <Group Project Loner Party> with Hestia, Jigoku, Lotto, and me has no means to deal with mosquitoes!
Berserker (physical), Trigger Happy (physical), Fighter (physical).
This is the sorrow of physical characters without elemental mana attack means.
That's why the all-purpose magic swordsman Oknodie needs to step up!

"Oknodie, did you hear? They say we'll finally learn magic in today's third period <Basics and Understanding of Mana Use> lecture."
"I hope we learn it soon!"
"Yeah. See you later, Oknodie!"

With Jonna's request and all, it's time to show off the magic skills I've been self-sealing until now.


* * *


Professor Bronze was displeased with the lecture attitude of her potential star pupil, whose mind seemed elsewhere.

"First-year Oknodie. I'll ask about the purpose of the lecture. What was the reason for appraising the value of paintings in this lecture?"
"Rich households launder money through paintings, and there are paintings with real value and those without, as well as genuine and fake ones, so painting appraisal is essential!"
"Your mind may be elsewhere, but your answers flow smoothly. Is the lecture boring?"

Oknodie denied it in alarm.

"No, it's not!"
"Then focus properly. You don't need to concentrate as much as those male students over there, but at least pretend to listen somewhat attentively."

Professor Bronze had prepared quite an ambitious lecture.
Knowing that ordinary paintings would bore students, she brought a collection of very nude male and female paintings.
Among them were cheap erotic paintings, nude paintings of professional models, and famous masterpiece nudes.

The main age group of academy first-years is between 18 and 20, an age when they're just awakening to sexuality.
At the earliest, they might already be married with a first child and acting as the head of a household.
Whether experienced or not, this is an age when one would be very interested in the naked body of the opposite sex, but Oknodie seemed uninterested, perhaps because she was too young.

"Wow. That's quite an outfit. So they wear clothes like that in taverns."
"I keep drooling... hnnng..."
"Bigstone. Could you please stop looking at the painting and then glancing at me, imagining me naked?"
"N-no! When did I ever do that!"

Today again, the second-year pair Bigstone and Rizona, who I just wish would hurry up and date so they could stop this flirting and get to the boredom phase.

"Woooow... My sister was right. So many boys are gathering around. The more revealing the clothes, the more popular you become... Then should I wear clothes like that too...?"

First-year Titosoga, showing that she's been tricked by her sister again, arousing sympathy.

"More revealing than southern dancers. And the paintings of shirtless men too."

First-year Isabel, trying to appear calm but unable to hide her reddened face.

Most students react like that.
That's normal.
It was Oknodie's truly calm reaction that was strange.

"Tsk."

Except for first-year Xing, whom the professor considered a psychopath with all his interests directed toward swords and fighting.
Whatever the case with Xing, Oknodie's reaction was truly incomprehensible and strange.

"Oknodie. Perhaps you're not unable to focus on the class, but rather familiar with such paintings?"

There was no shyness characteristic of someone seeing such things for the first time, nor any reaction of embarrassment.
It felt like she was not just familiar with but tired of them, like someone looking at something of low quality.
The professor asked out of curiosity, but the answer was quite disturbing.

"Wow. How did you know?"

To reiterate, the paintings Professor Bronze had carefully selected were a collection sufficient to make students blush and increase their concentration on the lecture.
Though they didn't depict actual intercourse, they were erotic enough to satisfy everyone except psychopaths who only get excited by blood and carnage.
If a girl of about 10 years showed a 'bored' and 'accustomed' reaction to them...

"Have you seen worse than this?"
"Ah."

Oknodie, who had been answering nonchalantly, suddenly looked around nervously.

"Professor... you're not scolding me for seeing adult content too early, are you...?"

There was only one thing the professor could think of that would be worse than the paintings she had brought.
Witnessing actual sexual acts or seeing such images so frequently that the embarrassment disappeared.
And for a child of about ten years old.
How could she have had such experiences?
All the possibilities that came to mind were unfortunate.
Either she grew up as a child in a brothel.
Or someone took her to brothels from a young age, making her 'observe' the realities of prostitution.
Even in a world where marriage is legal from age 15, 10 is too young.
And she's not even a boy, but a girl.
This was close to intimidation.
Telling her that she too would do such work when she grew up.
Or that she might end up doing it.

"...I have one request for the students. Could you all keep this matter about Oknodie a secret? For the sake of protecting a young student's honor."

The students nodded solemnly, swearing to keep the secret.
Among them, Professor Bronze's face grew even sterner.
Oknodie's educator.
The patron of a talented thief.
An organization that threatened a child with becoming a brothel prostitute if she didn't comply, doing so periodically and for so long that her sense of shame disappeared.

'The Wiheomhae Foundation, was it?'

A righteous anger arose, unable to forgive them.
It was the moment when the vigilante's next target was decided.