# 362 - The Final Two

The imperial professors vehemently opposed the foundation's official appointment of a new professor.

"This personnel decision is absurd. How dare a subordinate of one of the three great evils designated by the Empire claim a teaching position at the world's finest educational institution!"

"Even if the Empire's intellect and brilliance have dimmed, that's no reason for the world's great evil to flourish more prominently, Headmaster Dragon!"

The headmaster looked at the group of imperial professors who had gathered with an expression that seemed to say, "So what do you want me to do about it?"

[Are you asking me to reverse my decision?]

"For the sake of world justice, I believe that's exactly what you should do!"

Professor Keynes, who taught <Imperial Economics> and was an influential senior figure among the imperial professors, raised his voice.

[You seem to have misunderstood me.]
[Do you believe someone like you can overturn my decision?]

The headmaster is capricious.
But that doesn't mean his decisions are taken lightly.
To historians, dragons are often called the clan of oaths.
The legend of the guardian dragon who will protect a nation once when faced with the crisis of extinction.
The legend of the venomous dragon who reduces any living being that invades its territory to a puddle of poison.
All dragons are known for their respective promises.
They always keep the promises they make.
Kingdoms that challenged this authority were reduced to puddles of poison, and empires that ridiculed the legend of the guardian dragon lost 250,000 invasion troops overnight.
Unlike the other professors who trembled like aspen trees, Professor Keynes suppressed his instinctive fear and tried to maintain his composure.

"Though the Empire's prestige may not compare to that of a dragon, it's an undeniable fact that we dominate world hegemony. Even His Imperial Majesty would strongly condemn the loss of a position designated for an imperial professor to an outsider!"

The imperial faction and the frontier faction permeate the Academy.
The number of positions allocated to professors from each region is no different from an indicator of how powerful each nation is.

The Empire has so many experts that they could dispatch over a hundred professors to the Academy and still not run short of talent.
The Kingdom of Florence, despite lacking foundation, is exceptional enough to produce three outstanding talents.

Thus, the number of professors carries the pride of each nation.
However, Headmaster Dragon refused to play along with Professor Keynes's calculations.

[Let me correct one thing.]
[Professor Rave, who taught Imperial Magic, became a traitor who joined hands with the Foundation of his own volition.]
[This is an undeniable fact that I can guarantee on a dragon's honor.]

"!!"

A dragon's guarantee.
The immutable golden truth became text that filled their vision completely.

[If a Foundation professor has died and that position is vacant, it is appropriate for another Foundation personnel to take that place.]

Oaths and guarantees.
Upon learning through the dragon's affirmation that one of the imperial professor positions had left their possession, Professor Keynes bowed his head helplessly.
It was infuriating that a promising young professor had caused such a major incident and then promptly died.
If Professor Rave were to return alive, he would want to tear him apart with his own hands.
Reviving the dead was taboo in the Empire, so even if they obtained the corpse, it would be impossible.

"Is the Foundation finally ceasing to hide behind the curtain and revealing its power to the world?"

Though he had left the headmaster's office, Professor Keynes felt his walking stick trembling.
While the fear of the other professors had subsided, his own fear was just beginning.
Professor Keynes predicted a very ominous future.

'If there are Foundation traitors hiding among the imperial professors, who knows how many more imperial positions will be lost if they come forward!'

The Empire's influence had begun to shake.
By the <Chairman> of the Foundation, the pinnacle of the three great evils.


* * *


Oknodie's butler was appointed as the new professor, succeeding Professor Rave.
Princess Mesugakki felt intense curiosity.

"I want to attend this class♡"
"No, Your Highness! How can you attend a lecture taught by a minion of one of the three great evils designated by the Empire? It would be troublesome if His Imperial Majesty found out."
"If a lecture were harmful just by listening to it, the headmaster wouldn't have approved it in the first place♡"

Though not publicly known, imperial education includes information about <Gift Academy>.
The <non-disclosure restriction> held by graduates or expelled students can be somewhat circumvented or broken by mobilizing the full power of the imperial family.
Thanks to this, the imperial family possesses deeper and more precise information about the Academy than others.
Among this information is data about Headmaster Dragon.
While the headmaster is an eccentric who torments students by arbitrarily holding weekly events, he doesn't overlook a professor's competence.

"Professors recognized as world-class experts in their fields have <professional ethics>. They don't treat students who show willingness to learn from them carelessly. Don't you even know that~? Pathetic followers♡"
"But Professor Rave favored us imperial students and oppressed frontier students, didn't he?"
"...Having strong patriotism isn't a crime♡"

Anyway, that's how it is.
When the princess insisted on attending the lecture, her followers, unable to let her go alone, followed with gloomy expressions.
In the common lecture hall accessible to all classes, the nameplate of the new professor and the lecture title were displayed.

━━━
Professor - Jonna Wiheomhae
Lecture Title - <Mana Refinement Method Training>
━━━

Unlike mana cultivation methods that anyone with a heart cultivation book could learn, mana refinement methods were difficult to master even if one knew the technique.
While mana cultivation focused on gathering and taming energy, mana refinement emphasized using energy to enhance physical performance.
By Eastern Empire standards, the difference was comparable to that between internal and external martial arts!

Bubble, bubble.

Several large cauldrons were placed in the lecture hall, boiling noisily.
Around them, individuals presumed to be the professor's direct subordinates were controlling the fire with magic or carrying heavy metal blocks and armor.

"It seems he's really going to teach proper refinement methods!"
"We would have regretted not coming!"
"Your Highness's insight is truly remarkable."
"Long live the princess!"
"Long live Princess Mesugakki!"

The lower-class students of the Second Princess faction completely changed their attitude, praising Mesugakki's decision.

"Stop it♡ You're disturbing the other students~ Stop fidgeting and disrupting the academic atmosphere♡"

More students than expected had gathered in the lecture hall.
Almost all upper-class students were present, and even lower-class students from major organizations attended with their members.
Altogether, there were about 200 people!
Such attendance for a single lecture was extremely rare, except for mandatory courses.
The only concern was whether a Foundation person would generously teach an imperial princess.

"If you've come to learn refinement methods, please take your seats."

Fortunately, Jonna's teaching was given equally to both frontier and imperial students.

"That's unfair. Jonna was supposed to be mine alone."
"Don't complain, my lady. Refinement methods vary in difficulty according to one's training level anyway. This is a good opportunity, so other students should listen carefully too."

Consoling Oknodie's complaints, Jonna stepped onto the platform to address all students.

"Mana refinement is a technique that changes the body's constitution. It's also called <limit breakthrough> work, which raises the limit of what we call abilities. Excellent refinement methods can also increase elemental resistance or improve growth rates for specific abilities and functions as additional effects."

"However, these benefits aren't easily obtained by everyone. A healthy body and mental strength are required to endure the process of changing one's constitution, and enormous funds are needed to compensate for insufficient physical and mental strength."

"Today is <health measurement> day, where we'll test your levels and identify refinement methods suitable for each of you."

Princess Mesugakki was the first to raise her hand.

"I'll go first for the good stuff♡"
"Everyone will proceed simultaneously regardless of order. Please wear your measurement devices."

When they put on the empty armor, it automatically adjusted to fit the wearer's size.

"Hmm~ So Oknodie gave armor to the Black Knight for this kind of measurement~?"

Mesugakki honestly found the Foundation's methods old-fashioned.
Measuring the body to determine what level of refinement method one could endure was common sense.
However, the measurement method was too outdated.

'In the imperial palace, we do this simply with full-body magical scanning♡'

When Jonna used <Metal Control>, the weight of all armor gradually increased from within.
10kg. 20kg. 30kg.
Even as the weight displayed on the armor's gauge kept increasing, Princess Mesugakki endured easily.

"From now on, I'll suggest movements to confirm that you've successfully adapted to each weight. Only students who succeed at the suggested movements will advance to the next weight level."

100kg. 200kg. 300kg.
Weights that were difficult to handle with bare strength began.
The metal infused inside the measuring device also changed in material, dramatically increasing the weight per unit area.
The physically strong upper-class students kept up with the high weights, but things changed when they entered the ton range.

"I'm dying!"
"My back is breaking!"

Upper-class students including Zenya and Son O-cheon surrendered one after another.
2 tons. 3 tons. 4 tons.
As the numbers increased, the expressions of those remaining quickly crumbled.

"This is insane."
"Where does that small body get such strength..."

Even Hestia and Horner Fried Chicken, who had endured the longest, eventually gave up, causing Mesugakki to snicker.

"You surrender at just 10 tons~? Weaklings♡ Fragile ones♡"
"Ugh. That damn brat..."

Hestia trembled with anger.
Horner Fried Chicken also glared at Oknodie and the princess with an incredulous expression before sighing and walking away.

"The two who remain until the end will receive the highest grade refinement method, so please exert your utmost determination."

The last people remaining were, as expected, Princess Mesugakki, Oknodie, and the hero Ishtar.
In any other lecture, the winners would undoubtedly be Oknodie and Ishtar, regardless of determination.
But Mesugakki was confident.

'They say high achievement in mana cultivation automatically strengthens the body~? Pfft. A hero who relies on a holy sword is nothing without it. There's no way a hero could beat the cultivation method mastered by a princess.'

There's a reason why princess knights occasionally appear in hero parties.
10 tons.
As expected, in this test of enduring weighted armor with bare strength, the hero's strength gave out.
The final two were Princess Mesugakki and Oknodie.
Though they had both qualified for the highest grade refinement method, Mesugakki's determination hadn't been extinguished.
A contest to determine the final one!
Empire versus Foundation.
It was the perfect opportunity to test which successor had received more thorough training.