# 123 - Joint Operation

The Antidote Crisis.
Students who find it wasteful to spend a mere 1000 points on a complete antidote crawl into the forest searching for medicinal herbs when infected with contagious diseases, plagues, and various illnesses.
The problem is that the journey to find these herbs is long, and the Academy's educational schedule is merciless!

'To get herbs without losing credits, I have no choice but to make expeditions during days without lectures or on weekends.'

Even that comes after gathering information bit by bit from classmates, seniors, instructors, and professors during break times to locate the forest.
Those lacking preparation spend their precious weekend time collecting information, then belatedly go to the forest only to return empty-handed after a brief search, eating wild fruits and getting stomachaches instead.
At such times, antidotes and herbs that are flaunted sell like hotcakes!

'Antidotes sell like crazy at 200 points each, and herbs at about 20 points each.'

Students with plenty of points might coolly pay 1000 points upfront for treatment, but how many students have that kind of luxury?
With mosquitoes swarming after the flood, despite the Academy's attempts at disease control, the spread of illness is practically inevitable.
Normally, I'd feel guilty doing business with remedies for these poor kids, but after everyone except my close friends completely changed their attitude toward me, my feelings were deeply hurt.

'Hmph! It's your fault for getting on my bad side!'

Since I've already earned their hatred, I don't care if they call me stingy.
Despite working hard to maintain my reputation, there's no need to keep trying with those who treat me rudely.
If relationships are to be mended, they should be the ones to bend first, not me.

'A player is not a pushover!'

The beginning of a plan to teach them a lesson.
That's the "Mosquito Fattening Operation."
For this operation, I need to spray the Dark Nutritional Tonic generously on mosquitoes near the Blood Tree that seniors haven't cleaned yet, rendering them useless.
Of course, mosquitoes would prefer human blood over the Dark Nutritional Tonic.
So I need allies who can beat them up to prevent them from treating us as prey.

"You think I'd send you alone on such a dangerous mission?"
"Sigh. Even ignoring that serious guy, asking a gunner to catch mosquitoes—is this right?"

I only called Gisele, but somehow Hestia tagged along after hearing about it.

"Who are these weaklings?"

Gisele looked around at the trembling gentlemen cowering in a corner.
The three people shaking like lambs before a lion were students I had selected for this Blood Stone heist operation.

"W-who are you? I'm Rogini, an apprentice wizard from the Red Magic Tower. If you harm me, the Magic Tower won't let it slide."
"Huh? Like I care. Your chest is as flat as a piece of gum."
"Stop sexually harassing me...!"

Despite trying to respond sharply, Gisele laughed "Gyahahat!" as if watching a small animal's struggle.
Unable to ignore elemental affinities, Rogini always talked back boldly to the plant-attribute Dryad Weird professor, but couldn't move an inch before Gisele, the water-attribute pirate.
Rogini trembled pitifully like a virgin before the golden sun.

"It's too much to treat us like this after calling us to help."
"O-Oknodie. What are you trying to do with this lineup? You're not planning to set fire to the seniors' warehouse, are you?"

Besides Rogini, whom I knew from class, the other two were fire-attribute characters Rogini knew.
When I asked her to gather people who could handle fire, she brought a multi-class spearman who could breathe fire from his spear tip and an administrative department aspirant.
The timid person stuttering like Rogini was the magic spearman, and the person with the annoyed face keeping his mouth shut was the administrative department aspirant.

"I understand bringing Magic Spearman Zealot, but why bring Echo from the administrative department?"
"He's a caustic speaker who makes people furious. He's a friend I made because our personalities match, but I didn't know you actually needed real fire."

Hestia looked dumbfounded.

"I hate to say this when I came to help, but isn't this a failed party?"

Going mosquito hunting with a ranged F-killer, a close-range fire starter, a bullet shooter, an axe wielder, a caustic speaker who infuriates party members, and one cute, adorable child.
Even I thought it seemed hopeless, but when I ran simulations in my head, there weren't any major problems.

"It's fine!"
"...I wonder if it really is."

Ignoring Rogini's complaints, I began explaining the operation.

* * *

If fieriness determined a flame wizard's level, Oknodie would easily earn the title of War Mage for her outrageous operation.
But the more I listened, the more I saw potential, making me wonder if I was becoming just as crazy.

"So? Can you do it?"
"...Your operation is certainly fiery."

The plan: spray Dark Nutritional Tonic on the water, then spray insect attractant to gather mosquitoes, and shoot fireballs to send them all underwater.
Those trying to escape sideways without entering the water or fleeing before growing large enough would be handled by Magic Spearman Zealot and caustic speaker Echo.
When the mosquitoes drink the water and become too fat to fly, I would climb the Blood Tree where giant mosquitoes store their blood to get the Blood Stone.
If we get the Blood Stone? Mission accomplished!

"Don't be too scared. I can block anything coming from below."

Hestia swung her two-handed axe with one hand, making such a powerful sound that even an adult teddy bear would have its head cleanly cut off if caught in its path.

"So when do I start shooting?"
"Cover me with suppressing fire if mosquitoes appear while I'm climbing the tree!"
"You've got guts. If I miss, you'll get hit."
"Come on. Gisele's bullets would never miss."
"Gyahahat! I like your spirit. Alright, let's get started."

The operation proceeded swiftly.
Rogini and Hestia punctured a drum filled with an ominous black liquid and poured it into the fountain that had become a shallow lake.
As the fountain turned as black as if performing a demon summoning ritual, Oknodie pressed the insect attractant spray and sprayed it all over the water.

"Everyone duck down and hide. Be careful not to show any skin outside the bushes."

Thanks to the veteran mercenary Hestia's skilled advice, even Zealot, whose spear-holding arm had been sticking out of the bushes, successfully concealed himself.

"Damn, what's with this air..."
"Shh."

Bees collect honey and return to their hive.
They store honey in their storage for the queen bee and larvae to eat deliciously!
Giant mosquitoes were no different.
They choose a tree as storage, make it into a Blood Tree, and store Blood Stones inside the hollowed-out interior.
The process is similar, but the latter is more disgusting.

Dududududu.

It sounded like a helicopter, but it was the sound of giant mosquitoes' wings.
With multiple mosquitoes simultaneously flapping their wings strongly enough to create air pressure differences, the bushes swayed chaotically.

"Flash, Flame Flash!"

Apprentice wizard Rogini cast a spell that combined flame with light attributes, based on the phenomenon of flammable substances momentarily igniting and flashing.
Thanks to the spell, which focused more on scaring mosquitoes than actual power, the giant mosquitoes were startled and plunged into the fountain water.

Bang! Bang! Baang!

Flashy lights and sounds but no substance, like amusement park fireworks!
The giant mosquitoes were thoroughly intimidated by the Flame Flash spell, which would become the precious livelihood of mediocre wizards who end their careers as apprentices.

"Whoa, they're really getting bigger!"
"Don't just stand there admiring, Zealot. One is escaping!"

As Rogini's magic began to lose its potency, mosquitoes started poking their heads out.
Zealot's flame spear and Hestia's two-handed axe drove back the mosquitoes that wobbled due to their increased bulk as they tried to fly up.

"Aaaah! Please don't fly toward me!"
"Zealot. If you stick out your butt like that when thrusting your spear because you're scared, you'll miss attacks you shouldn't."
"But they're so gross!"

The expected flame spear owner Zealot's attacks didn't catch a single mosquito and only made everyone angry as he jumped around, while the unexpected Hestia chopped off mosquitoes' heads and wings with her axe, doing double duty.

<Climbing>
<Boldness>
<Infiltration>

Oknodie climbed the Blood Stone tree fearlessly amid the chaos.
Gisele, who was watching, mentally whistled, impressed by her courage.

Rustle.
Crackle.

The Blood Tree had many unusually dry branches and bark, perhaps because mosquitoes had sucked out the sap too.
The noise during the climb made all the mosquitoes stuck in the fountain raise their heads.

Flap flap flap
Aaaaaaah
Kyaaaaaaah

The giant pig-mosquitoes flapped their wings hard but couldn't float in the air due to their increased bulk from the Dark Nutritional Tonic effect, only splashing in the water!
The screams of terrified Zealot and Rogini could be heard, but Gisele only made a disgusted face without screaming.
He occasionally saw such mosquitoes at sea.

"Yaaawn."

Gisele was yawning, thinking there would be no need to shoot, when he noticed a small dot in the distance gradually getting closer.
At first, he thought it might be a late mosquito coming to the feast, but instead of mosquitoes, students on broomsticks approached.

What's that?

While staring blankly, Oknodie, who spotted them from the tree, shouted:

"Gasp! Everyone be careful. I think third-years are coming to steal the Blood Stone!"

Everyone who had been somehow managing against the mosquitoes turned pale.

"Aack! Third-years!!"
"What should we do?! Should we run?!"

Even Hestia was fidgeting anxiously, while only Gisele excitedly shouted toward the tree:

"Third-years are dangerous species, so it's okay to shoot them, right?"
"If they fly this way!"

Finally, a target has appeared.
Only Gisele, who had been bored waiting for his turn, was excited.