# 207 - While She Sleeps

If I had to summarize Professor Sadako's midterm exam in one word, it would be "Haunted House."

---
New Maid's Journal, Page 1

Today is my first day working at the Sadako House.
My employer is Head Maid Basilite, an extremely strict and intimidating person who wears glasses.
This is the fifth new hire this month, so I must be extremely careful not to get scolded.
I must remember to collect the "Work Key" from the "Guard Room," which is the first room on the left of the first floor entrance.
---

The guard room door sign gleams dimly in the moonlight, looking utterly desolate.
In the eerie atmosphere of the empty hallway, Zuang spoke.

"Let's play rock-paper-scissors."
"I'll just go in! Next time it's your turn."

As I flung the door open, I heard grumbling behind me: "Ugh, what a disgusting..."
After picking up the key and checking each room that opened, we found a dust-covered dining room, empty guest rooms, zombies hiding in bathrooms, and skeletons rattling beside beds.
Honestly, it's kind of fun?

"I'm sorry I'm sorry I said I wanted to live in a fancy house I'm sorry Papa I'll be good and not complain about our small house..."
"Oknodie... please make Titosoga shut up. She's making this even scarier."
"Hmm~ Maybe she's just having trouble calming down! Want some candy?"

Titosoga's muttering stopped abruptly.

"No, that's okay."
"Really? That's too bad..."
"W-what's too bad?"
"I was curious about what kind of candy Titosoga likes!"
"I like normal candy..."

Ah, I see.
Leape must be giving her fancy candy as part of treating her like "My Lady," and it's making her uncomfortable.
I should tell her to bring normal candy next time she visits.

---
New Maid's Journal, Page 7

The blood-stained clothes of the missing new maids were found in the fireplace.
So what I saw of Lady Sadako that day wasn't an illusion or hallucination.
The lady isn't human.
She's a vampire who feeds on human blood!
I need to hide quickly.
Inside the chimney.
The attic on the third floor.
The storage room in the basement.
Wherever I go, I must hurry or I'll be discovered!
---

As we followed the professor's quest line through the maze-like mansion, we finally reached the end of the journal.
Clunk.
From far away came the sound of locks being undone, followed by the howls of monsters.

"Should we split up and hide separately?"
"Please, let's stay together..."
"Pink, I'll shine my favorite pink light, so don't leave me behiiind! Waaah!"

After all that begging and clinging, we couldn't have our survival competition.
The three of us hid together under the basement storage room, holding our breath as monsters walked by with squishy footsteps. We could even catch glimpses of their feet—quite thrilling.
She really did make the exam within the announced scope.
But could it be because there are too many monsters infused with dark energy?
Ghosts I've never seen during lectures seem to have been drawn to the mansion by the sinister energy.
Floating ghosts pass through walls and ceilings as they please.

'Zuang and Lin would faint if they saw this.'

Among the ghosts, I can see a student ghost wandering after an unjust death at the Academy.
Judging by the uniform, it's not a first-year, so I guess it counts as natural death, but to first-years, any student death is all the same.
It's torturous being in this cramped space listening to Titosoga's confessions or having Zuang stick to me, poking my waist repeatedly asking me to do something.
Should I use magic to drive them away?
But what if all the monsters in the mansion detect the dark mana and come rushing over?
As my worries deepened...

Slowly...

From the corner of my vision.
A familiar ghost appeared at the top of the wine cellar.

'Fake Lin?'

I approached very slowly from a blind spot, toward the ghost who was poking its head out from the ceiling and staring at the wall with hazy eyes.
My posture resembled a cat eyeing a sparrow chirping on a nearby branch from atop a wall.

'Ugh. No way?'

My ominous premonitions always come true at times like this.
Fake Lin rushed forward in one breath, grabbed the head of the ghost hanging upside down from the ceiling, and dragged it down to the floor.

Thud

Though there was no physical force, the ghost that had been dragged to the floor turned to look at fake Lin as if protesting.
Of course, the ill-mannered Lin didn't awkwardly avoid eye contact or apologize.

Aaaang

It just opened its mouth wide and swallowed the ghost whole.

"You shouldn't eat that! Jiji, stop it!"
"Waaah!? What is it, what is it, what is it!"
"Titosoga. Did you eat candy?"
"I didn't!"
"Then you must have eaten a rock thinking it was candy?"
"I didn't eat anything!"

Zuang and Titosoga, who had been startled thinking I was talking about them, were horrified to discover fake Lin who had just devoured a ghost and was now brimming with energy.

"A new maid's ghost?"
"Ah, that's... Oknodie's ghost friend!"

Oh right. Titosoga had seen fake Lin before with Hestia, hadn't she?

"Ah. So that's the one I've only heard about?"
"Yes. It's probably the soul of that child who turned into a plant in Oknodie's room."
"Now that I see it, ghosts aren't that scary. It's even a little cute."

Zuang, who suffered from undead & ghost phobia based on her principle that beings that can't be harmed are scary.
Would one of her phobias disappear today?
Zuang cautiously approached fake Lin.
She tentatively reached out her hand to touch fake Lin's cheek.
A historic moment of phobia treatment.

"?"

Fake Lin, tilting its head at the hand touching its cheek, opened its mouth.
Between the slightly parted lips, a finger that hadn't yet been spiritually digested wailed before disappearing back into its mouth.

"Wow. I thought it was a jumping spider!"
"Oknodie. I just realized something. There are no good ghosts in this world."

In an instant, Zuang jumped up to the top of the wine cellar 5 meters high and clung there. It felt like watching a cat fleeing at full speed from a scary cat.
I guess we have to say Zuang's ghost phobia treatment ended in spectacular failure?

"I told you, Jiji. You keep eating any random spirits you find, and that's why Zuang gets so scared!"

Fake Lin ignored my scolding completely.
I really want to grab those cheeks and stretch them out to teach it a lesson.


* *


[You have obtained the "New Maid's Red Flag" with your friends and safely escaped the haunted mansion.]
[Situation Awareness experience +10]
[Hiding experience +5]
[Thinking experience +5]
[Psychological Prediction experience +5]

[You have successfully completed the midterm exam for the "Adventurer's Night Activities" lecture.]
[You acquire 100 points.]
[You have completed the first semester midterm exams for first year.]
[You acquire 200 points.]

Was Zuang's frightened appearance that amusing?
Lin kept opening its mouth and going "baaah" whenever it caught Zuang's eye.
Judging by the bright red tongue that ghosts shouldn't need to manifest, it seems to have taken inspiration from Titosoga, who screamed like the world was ending, rather than Zuang, who covered her mouth with her hands and silently screamed.

"If you keep acting unlike Lin, I'll tell Xing."
"!"

Does it know its life depends on Xing?
The previously disobedient fake Lin immediately became cautious and slipped back into the ring.
They say raising daughters is pointless, and look at Xing, immediately becoming cautious like a typical man.
It's so annoying.

"Oknodie. Did the exam go well?"
"Yaaawn. Not too bad, I think."
"You look very tired. Go in and sleep."
"Good night."
"Sleep well."

After returning to the dormitory and exchanging greetings with Isabel in the hallway, I quickly took off my clothes and tossed them into the laundry basket.
If I place them on the automatic laundry magic circle, by morning they'll be washed, dried, and ironed, hanging on the clothes rack.
Because of the smell of decaying corpses and the dirt on my body, I took a shower before throwing myself onto the bed.

Whirrr

As I was drying my hair with the hairdryer, I heard a knocking sound from the wall.

"Oh right. Thank you. I did well on the exam thanks to you!"
"...I helped you because I felt sorry for you."

The door is really kind too.
When did it stop grumbling about low likability and start teaching exam questions so well?
Thanks to it, I breezed through Professor Platon's exam and several others.

"Don't go around getting cursed at... if anyone's going to curse at you, it'll be me."
"Okay."

Should I consider this a good neighbor too?
Maybe I'll let it out of the wall sometime if I feel like it.
And if a demon I don't want to deal with shows up, I'll put it in there instead.

Hop

After drying my hair completely, I crawled into bed.
Maybe because I spent the whole day taking exams, my eyelids quickly grew heavy.

"Kid. Didn't you say you wanted to show me something before going to bed?"
"Mmm... later..."

I barely managed to respond to the Aptitude Assessment Hat's words before my eyes closed.


* *


While Oknodie slept.
The Aptitude Assessment Hat pulled out the arms it had stored inside itself and crawled onto the bed.

"She did say to look in the morning, but I'm too curious to wait."

The Aptitude Assessment Hat had assessed the talents of countless scholarship students at the Foundation, but rarely had it assessed someone with talent as outstanding as Oknodie's.
And that was by the standards before their reunion at the Academy. Since their reunion, Oknodie possessed unheard-of, impossible talents.
Curious about how amazing such a child's status window and function window would be, the hat crawled up to Oknodie's bedside and covered her head.

[The Aptitude Assessment Hat is viewing Oknodie's status window.]
[The Aptitude Assessment Hat is viewing Oknodie's function window.]

The eyes on top of the hat were filled with shock.

"This is the spec of an 11-year-old?"