<358 - The Ghost-Summoning Trap>

Weekly events have one distinct characteristic.
If your strategy is insufficient, there's a certain probability the difficulty will increase!

"Did you hear? The Bull Festival is an event where you enjoy watching bulls with their tails set on fire breaking through obstacles!"
"What barbaric animal abuse. Let's do it right away."
"Uh... but why are there so many of them? And aren't they breaking through the safety line and coming this way!?"

The quantity increases, the danger level rises, and new gimmicks are added.
Since this dangerous phenomenon increases the probability of getting screwed over, study bugs often meet their untimely demise in the hallways, screaming as they're overwhelmed by the suddenly enlarged difficulty spike they encounter after only studying.
However, veterans sometimes deliberately neglect unappetizing weekly events to let them grow stronger.

"There's no reason to take down a copier that gets better when left alone, right?"
"Your way of thinking, not even fearing ghosts, is downright terrifying..."
"Well then, let's go get an expert."
"Haven't I already explained how useless priests are? Even the advanced class's Yupi, the saintess of Golgoda of Beheading who follows the Byeokryeokseongcheon religion, would struggle with that thing."
"We don't need a priest though?"

Oknodie tilted her head.


* * *

"Whaaat?! You want me to catch such a scary ghost?"

Dorothy's eyes grew twice as large.

"Yes! You're a forest keeper, right?"
"Just an apprentice!"
"But forests have lots of ghosts, like hunters who hanged themselves after losing their sick elderly mothers, or slash-and-burn farmers who were caught by elves and burned to death while trying to avoid taxes by farming in the forest."
"Our forest isn't that scary!"
"So you can't do it?"

After hesitating, Dorothy soon realized something important. Oknodie's preconceptions about forests must have come from someone who instilled such ideas in her.

'Did Oknodie's Papa take his child to a forest of ghosts?!'

If she showed only weakness to Oknodie, who believes whatever she experiences, the apprentice forest keeper would be treated as a coward who can't even walk around the (haunted) forest.

"I'll do it. Tell me about the ghost. The more I know about my prey, the better!"

Jaku told her everything that had happened, including what he had heard from Mob.

"Great, I've got a plan!"

Dorothy enthusiastically began her preparations.
Jaku was skeptical.
Even a priest who believed in one of the 24 mainstream gods had been helplessly toyed with before fleeing.
He couldn't possibly believe that this cunning monster would fall for a mere first-year's trap.

"That ghost, no one noticed it before it appeared, right?"
"That's correct."
"Then it must have basic <Presence Detection> and <Stealth>, and since its physical abilities are extraordinary, it can probably climb walls and ceilings too, and also..."

Muttering and jotting down the hook ghost's expected specs in her notebook, Dorothy quickly ran to the location where she would set up the trap.
Jaku was genuinely surprised by her remarkable <Running> speed.

"Why is she so fast?"
"Forest keepers have light bodies!"

But it wasn't just her running that was fast.
She quickly climbed and jumped over various student-made structures and trees, instantly reaching a clearing that gave off an eerie atmosphere that no one had noticed before.
It had such an ominous feeling that you could believe senior students who failed their grades had hanged themselves there in despair!

"If I set traps like this and cover it like that... Done!"

Dorothy's traps turned the clearing into a field of traps so intimidating that one would be afraid to step foot in it.

"Why did you set so many traps? They're so obvious that even a fool wouldn't fall for them. We'll be lucky if we don't get toyed with like that priest."
"That remains to be seen. The ghost broke through the holy magic circle, but that's only because it would have been exorcised if it entered. It had no choice."

Dorothy had a theory.

"If there's a way to enter without triggering traps, it will surely come to copy and leave cursed items, right? It's not just animals that have such <habits>. I think monsters and ghosts are the same."

The observational skills of a forest keeper who carefully studies the characteristics of forest friends and memorizes strategies to deal with them.
Whether her insight would prove correct remained to be seen, but it certainly seemed plausible.

"If everything goes according to plan, the ghost will enter the trap through the only safe path. If we block that path, it will be trapped."
"Exactly!"
"But there's no trap here deadly enough to be effective against a ghost. Even if it gets caught, nothing will change. We'll just be one-sidedly attacked. Are you okay with that?"
"We have Oknodie."
"Leave it to me! If you just call me over to prevent it from escaping, I can definitely catch it!"

Oknodie flexed her arms in front of Jaku, showing off her delicate physique.

"Now, Oknodie. Test it first!"
"Test?"
"We need to confirm that there's only one path left. Try to touch the basket placed in the center of the clearing from outside while avoiding our line of sight. Of course, you can't trigger any traps!"

Oknodie, excitedly jumping up and down about 2 meters in place while saying something about new content, quickly went outside the clearing.
While she left through the path where Dorothy and Jaku could see her, finding a way back in while avoiding their sight would be quite challenging.

'It's about 50 meters from the trees around the clearing to the rock in the center. In between, Dorothy has planted wooden sticks with bells attached to strings.'

Swish swish.
Ding-a-ling...

The sound of bells that ring softly even with the slightest breeze.
If triggered properly, it would catch their attention in an instant.

"Can I look back when I hear the sound?"
"Of course! It would be suspicious to anyone. In fact, if we don't look around when we hear the sound, the ghost might find it strange."
"This is annoyingly complicated."
"Animals are even more so. These days, there are many animals that just snatch the meat hanging in traps and run away."
"Are you sure they're animals? They act more like humans."

While conversing, Jaku realized that the bell sounds that had been softly ringing suddenly stopped.
Yet when he lightly blew the grass fragments in his hand, they scattered with the wind.
This was evidence that Oknodie had invaded while creating a barrier to block sound.

'I see. The hook ghost must have used a similar technique when approaching above our heads without anyone noticing.'

After getting past the string traps, there were traps set up to raise dust clouds when stepped on.
While one could block sound, traps that produced visual effects couldn't be concealed.
The only way to avoid them was to step on the stakes Dorothy had planted in the ground, using them like stepping stones.

"Didn't you do something to those stepping stones too?"
"If you step on the wrong one, I've hidden berries that emit a terrible smell inside the hollowed-out stakes."
"Do you use such traps in the forest too?"
"It's troublesome if forest friends gnaw on the wood of people's houses, right? So we set traps around houses that release smells animals hate when gnawed on!"
"When you put it that way, being a forest keeper sounds like quite a formidable job."
"Plus, traps with foul smells can drive away even large species. It's good because you don't have to experience waking up to find your wall completely broken through or narrowly avoiding being stepped on and killed!"
"...That really is a formidable job."

What kind of forest is she a keeper in?

'Since there's no foul smell, Oknodie must have cleared the stake section too. Next is the final section.'

In the final 10-meter section leading to the basket, primitive traps were set where the ground would collapse, covered with conifer needles to hide them.
Above these deceptively simple traps designed to lower one's guard, security magic that could only be detected with <Magic Detection> circulated around the surrounding space.
Unless you timed your dash perfectly to land on the rock where the basket was placed, a mana alarm would sound throughout the entire area.

'...If I were a ghost, I'd just throw a stone from outside rather than go through all these troublesome traps.'

But Oknodie was even more cunning than a ghost.

"Dorothy. There's something that needs improvement!"
"Really? Where?"
"At the end of the stake section, you can use a fishing rod to catch the basket and bypass the security magic!"
"Oh, that's problematic. I'll nail the basket down!"

Dorothy fetched a hammer and nails and firmly nailed the basket to the rock.
As an advanced class student, Dorothy's strength was quite remarkable.
Then again, installing all those traps would have been impossible without considerable strength and stamina in the first place.

"Wow, my agility increased by 1! Dorothy, you're amazing!"
"Pfft. What's that supposed to be?"
"Is this enough help?"
"Yes. Plenty. Now let's wait!"

Swish swish.
Ding-a-ling...

The sound of the wind started to be heard again, perhaps because Oknodie had removed the barrier she had created.
Jaku tried to ignore his growing nervousness and emulate Oknodie's boldness by striking up a conversation with her.

"But aren't ghosts immune to physical traps? Is there any meaning to all this?"
"Powerful ghosts want to show off that they're ghosts who can scare people without caring about others' opinions. It will definitely get caught!"
"How do we know when it's coming?"
"I put my personal cursed item in the basket, so it will definitely come! Until then, we can just sit here and work on our overdue assignments!"
"...I was wondering why you brought a desk, but you were planning to study while waiting."

He didn't even want to question the personal cursed item.
Still, the desk proved helpful.
After all, Jaku was also burdened with assignments.

'Though I can't concentrate in this situation.'

It would be useful in the sense of making the ghost lower its guard and approach.
Oknodie was boldly moving her pen, filling her notebook with assignments, while Dorothy was diligently copying Oknodie's notes, preparing to sell study notes.
Jaku was also working on his assignment, using his brain as best he could, when...

Ding-a-ling-a-ling.

The bell rang.

So loudly that anyone would immediately say, "That guy must have been caught, right?"
So loudly that it made Dorothy's hard work setting up the traps seem pitiful.

'It took 20 minutes just to set up the traps, and it gets caught in the first stage right away... I don't know if the ghost is incompetent or if Dorothy made the traps too difficult.'

The dejected look on Dorothy's face that Jaku glimpsed from the corner of his eye seemed incredibly pitiful.