# 183 - Fate Community

"...So you want me to wear this bikini armor?"

Mob couldn't hide his bewilderment.
An armor where the uncovered area exceeded the covered area.
Even the chest area was covered with a provocative design.
It would be embarrassing even for a woman to wear.
And they wanted a man to wear this?

"Yep!"
"Why should I?!"
"If you wear this for 100 days, your evasion will increase tremendously. You want to get stronger, don't you?"
"Even so, this is a bit..."
"It's fine. Normally you can't wear any equipment over cursed items except for cloaks, but you can stack the same type of cursed items. No one will know Mob is wearing this!"
"...Really?"
"Yeah. You're already walking around in training armor, right? How would anyone know whether you're wearing bikini armor underneath or if you're naked?"
"What if the armor gets damaged?"
"Then don't let it get damaged!"

That made sense, in a way.

"Ugh. Why does it have to be evasion that increases..."

The functionality was too good.
He could understand why Oknodie was recommending it directly.
Even outside the Academy, there would be plenty of people willing to bear the stigma of being a pervert for 100 days if there was an item that permanently increased evasion rate.
Couldn't he just hole up in some training ground for 100 days and focus on personal training without taking on quests?

"Plus, just wearing the bikini armor gives you an evasion bonus. It'll be super helpful for the midterms too. Are you really going to give up without even trying it on?"
"Hmm... midterms..."
"I bought this for 1000 points."
"It was that expensive?!"

That was the decisive blow.
In the end, even Mob's firm resolve crumbled.
If necessary, he guessed that even a 230cm muscular big guy would wear cat ears, maid outfits, or cover himself with tribal fluorescent paint.
Men will use anything as long as the performance is good.
I knew Mob would like it.
Next time I find another good cursed item, I'll introduce it to him!


* * *


-A man who doesn't understand the human heart.
-Your blood is as cold as a snake's.
-Get out. Never return to the family again.

These were the words he heard after reporting a family member who had violated a taboo with his own mouth.
This was why a promising Imperial Mage had abandoned his official position and fled to the Academy.

'I wanted to know what that snake thing was all about.'

Professor Rave discovered a lizard being raised for experiments in the experimental building.
That was the beginning of a five-year relationship with his pet lizard.

"Shh-shh."

With eyes that revealed nothing of its thoughts, it would just flick its tongue.
As it grew bigger, flies weren't enough to satisfy it, so it would shake the cage bars with its front legs and bang on its food bowl, making him wonder if there was actually a person inside.

Rustle rustle.

Still, when it climbed onto his hand and scurried up and down his arm restlessly, he sometimes thought:
Perhaps, contrary to what others said, this lizard was quite affectionate.

"I just found it."

Saying such nonsensical things, he would occasionally procure lab-cultured mice that the lizard might enjoy and toss them to it as food.

"Wow, Professor. What's its name?"
"So cool. Look at that shine."
"It looks scary like the professor, but also kind of cool?"

The distance between him and his students shortened.
Person to person.
Human relationships became possible.

"That friend really did well getting a pet. He didn't seem human before, did he?"
"Ah, I also keep reptiles, though not lizards. If you need it, take this feed. My pet doesn't like the taste, but who knows, yours might."

For the first time, he began to have exchanges with Imperial professors beyond just work-related conversations.
To him, the lizard wasn't just an ordinary pet.
It was a friendly animal that thawed his frozen humanity and a small window that made him want to communicate with the world.

"It would be good for everyone, wouldn't it? This student is the child of someone important, so please take care of them, Professor Rave."
"Those frontier folks have been studying too hard lately, making the important people uncomfortable. Would you join in pushing them out?"

There were occasional requests for special favors for certain students through that small window, but he thought that was just something that could happen between friends.
He didn't mind only informing Imperial students about changes in exam coverage that weren't "accidentally" conveyed to frontier students.
He wasn't the kind of man who lacked loyalty to professors and students who appreciated reptiles.

"Poison Cure, Arc Healing!"

That was why he was repeatedly infusing magic into the foaming, limp lizard in his arms.

"Wake up. Please wake up."

The magic no longer dwelled in the lizard's body.
The magic was repelled as it exceeded the body's magical capacity limit.
It was useless.
It was already too late.
His pet was dead.
Professor Rave had to accept it.

"That candy... was this your intention from the beginning?"

The poison candy that the stupid bikini warrior Pyoi had received from Oknodie.
This was the result of him taking it and feeding it to his pet.
Did she know it would be taken, or not?
He had just thought she was a stupid girl, but now his thoughts changed.
Perhaps falling for Oknodie's trick meant she had planned to betray him from the beginning.

"Your joke went too far, Pyoi. Far, far too far."

The indoor thermometer, which had been maintained at 20 degrees Celsius for the optimal temperature for the pet lizard, plummeted at a frightening speed.
The desk and floor froze with a crackling sound, and the windows and glass tabletops formed a thin layer of ice despite it being early summer.

"Pranksters need to be punished."

Professor Rave's eyes gleamed with cold fury.
First Pyoi.
Then Oknodie.
The professor's rage, having lost any reason to maintain boundaries, began to target the two students.


* * *


"Here it is. What do you think? Don't you want to wear it too?"
"Hmm... later! I'll wear it during summer vacation!"
"Hmph. More sales are good for me. If you know other friends who want to wear it, be sure to let me know."

Pyoi brought the AAA-cup bikini armor for Mob as promised.
Clang clang.
The breastplate protecting the chest area didn't bend even when struck with a fist, so the durability was reassuring.

"Since you brought it, would you like to give it to Mob directly?"
"I'd be happy to."

Pyoi excitedly took the lead.
Her arms and legs poking out from under her cloak and her ponytail swung vigorously.

"How's the Bikini Warrior Squad? Is it fun?"
"There are a lot of nice people! Everyone has a bright personality."
"With that outfit, you'd have to be bright whether you like it or not!"
"Do you want to get hit?"
"Eep. Sorry."

I tried to imitate the pitiful expression that Titosoga often made when Zuang got angry after I beat her too overwhelmingly at cards.
Pyoi quickly forgave me, saying she'd let it slide this time.
I understand why Titosoga makes this expression so often.
Next time I'll try the "hingingi" expression too!

"We're here!"
"Huh. Amazing. A girl working out in the co-ed fitness room where boys come and go. Are you seriously aiming for the Knight Department?"
"Huh? I'm not a girl."
"What?"
"Huh?"
"What? Why? How are you not a girl?"

Pyoi creaked and groaned like a broken machine at the unexpected input.

"Ah~ I get it!"

Life returned to Pyoi's eyes as if she had found and fixed the logical error.

"You're a boy who's as cute as a girl, right? I've seen that sometimes. People who wear bikini armor despite being male. I heard from seniors that sometimes they make boys wear it because they look too much like girls and get confused!"
"Wow. That happens?"
"Yeah, yeah. The seniors were talking about advanced courses? Sophisticated tastes? They said it's too early for kids like me, so they didn't allow me to put bikini armor on males."
"That's unfair~. An evasion rate of 100 isn't something you can get just anywhere."
"Huh?"
"What?"
"Huh?"

Pyoi, who had broken down again, shook her head vigorously and came to her senses.

"Tch. Talking to you makes me feel like I'm becoming an idiot. Just tell me where this Mob kid is. No, I'll find him myself."

Hmm. Pyoi, who had been thinking with her finger in her mouth, pointed to a man doing shoulder presses on a machine with her finger glistening with saliva.

"Is that him over there? The guy with long hair for a man. Heh. He's got quite the taste. A blonde pretty boy."
"That's not Mob, that's Duke Andersen!"
"What? He's really a noble? Tch. Too big a fish. I was thinking of making him try it on even if he wasn't Mob."

Andersen, who had been doing shoulder presses, suddenly flinched and got up from the machine, looking around warily.
Perhaps his sense, honed through the "Sleeping Well Anywhere" class, detected the presence of a predator targeting him.

"Then is it that cold handsome guy over there? He has long hair and a thin build with a dangerous aura... Hmm. It might be even more thrilling to corrupt someone like that with bikini armor!"
"That's Xing! He's an eastern swordsman with bad habits, so if you suggest it wrongly, you might die!"
"Eek. Such a dangerous person is too much."

Xing, whose name had been called, glared sharply in our direction while doing a one-finger push-up.
Unlike Duke Andersen, his skill in accurately reading the presence targeting him showed a clear difference in class.

"Mob is over there!"
"...That's the Black Knight. The weird person always inside that pitch-black tin armor."
"Pfft. Mob's nickname is Black Knight?"
"You don't even know your friend's nickname?"
"I have too many friends to know them all!"
"...Hmph. I'm getting annoyed, so I'll just give it to him and go back."
"It would be a bit sorry to give it to him here, so let's go to the changing room!"

I tried to be considerate in my own way.
While wearing bikini armor is embarrassing from the start, there's no reason to show it off publicly in the training room in front of others.

"Mob! Come here for a second."
"Huh? Why is the person next to you dressed like that?"
"I don't want to hear that from you."
"That's right! Just come with me quickly."
"Aaah, don't drag me! I'll go on my own feet, I'll walk on my own feet!"

We dragged Mob, who had been adapting to the weight of his armor and doing bench presses, to the changing room.
Murmur, murmur.
I could hear people talking behind us, but that's probably because we were making a commotion during their workout.


* * *


Oknodie appeared.
Xing's sensitive perception was directed not only at her but also at her younger sister who appeared above Oknodie's head, holding her hair with both hands and playing with it to make twin tails.
Whether the child was bold or fearless because she was a ghost, she was doing something quite outrageous without any awareness that she might be exorcised if discovered by others.
Fortunately, the girl in the incredibly perverted outfit of bikini armor with a cloak was drawing all the attention.

"Why did they come here anyway?"
"Did they come to work out?"
"I don't think so? They're dragging away that Black Knight guy."

The male students who were exercising followed the gaze of the three people heading somewhere.

<Men's Changing Room>

Oknodie boldly kicked open the door.
The Black Knight Mob's shoulder got caught on the threshold with a thud, making him cry out "Ow!"
Finally, the bikini armor warrior waved goodbye, saying "Bye~" to the people watching them, and closed the door.

"...What is that guy doing in the men's changing room with two girls?!"
"And one's a child and the other's a bikini armor warrior!"
"Damn it. That lucky bastard. What do you have to do to be in a combination like that?!"

Xing snorted at the explosion of jealousy from the men.
That monster kid doing such things with a man in broad daylight?
Nonsense.
She must be up to some ridiculous mischief.
Male students began to gather stealthily in front of the changing room door.

"That's far enough."
"Who are you to interfere... Urk!"
"Ugh. Of all people, it had to be that bastard Xing standing guard."
"The use of the changing room will be postponed for a while. When Oknodie comes out, then I'll permit entry."
"Who are you to block the use of a public facility!"
"That's right. It's the women who entered the men's changing room who are wrong! Whatever happens in there is the women's fault!"

The guy shouting with bloodshot eyes had already unfurled some disturbing fantasies in his mind.
While Xing let the nonsense of these perverts go in one ear and out the other, the question of what Oknodie was to him bothered him a bit.
What was she really?
His relationship with Oknodie was complex, difficult to define in a single word.

A relationship where he kept the secret that his younger sister Lin was a ghost.
Someone who would head east with him after graduation to help with his revenge.
A relationship where she promised to assist him for this purpose.

A swordsman has the logical ability to cleanly organize such complex relationships.
Xing revealed the relationship defined by his logic.

"Oknodie is... my fate community."
"Whaaaat?!"

Faced with the unexpected fate community issue that came out of Xing's mouth, the students in the fitness room thought:
I've had enough exercise for today.