# 119 - First Magic Practice

Son O-cheon couldn't understand the psychology of fools who trained diligently all day long.

"Does that really make an unused body any better?"
"Huff... The body is honest. When you exercise, you gradually build stamina and get stronger. There are differences in talent, but isn't it better than doing nothing at all?"
"That's just talk for those who have nothing. Employer, you have plenty of money. And lots of points too."
"That's true, but..."
"Wouldn't it be much better to just save up more and buy magical armor with physical enhancement functions in one payment and wear it around?"

Gisele wanted to kick the shameless monkey beastman in the shin for making such an ignorant comment, not knowing how expensive magical armor was. But knowing his own foot would hurt more if he actually did it, he just laughed it off.

"Last week was swimming, so my body didn't hurt as much, but didn't we get notice that we'll be learning horseback riding starting next week? I need to diligently build up my leg strength."
"I guess so. Tuesday is right around the corner, and there's no time to earn points to buy magical armor."

Even Son O-cheon, who was confident in his strength and endurance, was thoroughly exhausted by Professor Platon's swimming lessons over the weekend, which were twice as intense.
Just as he struggled because he wasn't used to water, the riding lessons would also mentally drain him if he wasn't accustomed to it.

"...Don't you practice separately to prepare for the lectures?"
"I am. I'm practicing recharging my stamina."
"If we could mix half of your laziness with half of Oknodie's constant bustling around, it would be perfect."

Unlike Son O-cheon, who always made excuses about bodyguarding or recharging stamina while lazing around, Oknodie was constantly zipping around the Academy grounds.
It's no wonder people say that if you want to meet Oknodie, don't go looking for her—just wait in front of the cafeteria.

-Ah. Honor student Oknodie doesn't have to attend supplementary lectures because she's an academic excellence student.

She didn't even show up for that hellish weekend swimming special training double event.
No one knows where she went or what she did during that time.

"Don't belittle the value of effort. Even you're working hard studying, using that brain you normally don't use."
"Ugh. Isabel, did you take critical damage lessons instead of eye training lectures? Why does your damage hurt so much?"

Isabel appeared just in time to deliver a sharp rebuke.
Son O-cheon, who was pretending to be hurt, couldn't hide his puzzlement.

"By the way, where's the little mouse?"
"She was called by a professor."
"That's too bad. She really loves eating. Guess we'll have to eat without her."

Isabel stopped Son O-cheon as he was heading to the cafeteria.

"Wait. I'd like both of you to consult with me."
"It must be something serious."

At Gisele's words, Isabel's expression darkened further.
Gisele's eyes, trained in the dark arts, twitched.
It was a qualitatively different darkness from other students whose expressions darkened from being overwhelmed by harsh assignments.
Like... the darkness that someone might carry when they want to kill someone, harboring deep resentment and carrying a knife onto the streets.
Something was definitely wrong.

"The noble family that raised Oknodie. I think they're selling children who don't produce results to brothels."
"!!"
"Hey! Oknodie is only about ten years old. A kid that young in a brothel, that's absurd!"

Son O-cheon erupted in anger.
However, Isabel bit her lip tightly but didn't retract her statement.
She told the two about what had happened in the eye training lecture.

"...This isn't good."
"Isn't there some way we can help Oknodie?"
"I'm not talking about our little lady."

Gisele focused on a different aspect.

"It's hard to say this about such an innocently naive child, but while Oknodie is a little lady to us, to other students she appears as a monster lady. She possesses both strength and virtue befitting her title as group valedictorian. Most of her peers don't even compare to her."
"So what? Because Oknodie is strong, we don't need to feel sorry for her?"
"Please don't take it so unpleasantly. Realistically, there's no possibility that Miss Oknodie would fail to meet the organization's standards. The problem is with the organization's other candidates."
"Other candidates...?"
"Usually, when an organization cultivates agents for special purposes, they raise several simultaneously unless they lack budget and talent."

Isabel, with her explorer background, had gained considerable knowledge traveling across the continent.
She quickly understood what Gisele was trying to say.

"Even if Oknodie is safe, the other candidates aren't... and it would be troublesome if Oknodie found out about this."
"Exactly. For instance, she might try to perform the organization's missions herself to protect the dropouts, or she might agree to take on more difficult missions in exchange for the organization not disposing of other candidates."

This is a commonly used method in dark organizations to handle talents who don't follow control.

"I'll investigate the candidates from the same organization as Oknodie in my own way. You two should stay by Oknodie's side as much as possible without disrupting your academy life."
"If you're going to conduct dangerous investigations, shouldn't I be by your side even more?"
"Oknodie is more of a concern than I am. For now, people with good hearts have promised to keep the secret, but as time passes, who knows how those with evil intentions who hear the rumors might torment Oknodie."

Son O-cheon groaned and pulled out the staff he had been carrying on his back.

"I just hope I won't have to use weapons on campus."
"Don't worry. I'll help as much as I can too."

Having safely passed the entrance exam with Oknodie's help, it was now their turn to protect her.
The three firmly strengthened their resolve.


* * *


<Basics and Understanding of Mana Usage> class.
Today, they would finally move beyond theory and formula memorization to learn actual magic.

"Rogini. Can I go home with you after school? I heard fire magic works really well against mosquitoes."
"Rogini~! Ignore those people and come with me~. Okay? We're friends!"
"That wicked girl. How dare she smile and wag her tail at Rogini?"

A master of nature magic.
A druid class from the Dryad race.
Professor Weird with his insane note-taking speed.
The fire attribute students, whom the professor disliked most, were skyrocketing in popularity.
Dorothy was badmouthing Rogini beside her.

"They say she's really rude."
"Why?"
"I don't know. I just thought so right now."
"Pfft. What kind of reasoning is that?"

Dorothy, the source of bad rumors, clearly didn't like Rogini.

"But no one thanks the hardworking Sand Cooker and me, while everyone is desperate to look good to Rogini."
"That's because Rogini has the power of fire magic! If Dorothy learns magic too, you'll become popular!"
"You think so?"

Rogini, the apprentice wizard of the Red Magic Tower.
Or the portable mosquito repellent.
Dorothy made a firm resolution to become just like her as they entered the lecture.

"Today, we're going to learn magic. Do you remember the most basic mana formula called 'Amplification' that you've learned?"
"Yes~"
"Amplification is a useful formula that can be used anywhere. You can amplify the growth rate of plants to use a vine binding spell, or amplify the sweetness of sugar solution to create a sweet water spell."

The first one is magic commonly used by tiny wizards who struggle while hugging staffs as tall as themselves at the Adventurer's Guild.
The latter is a practical magic that wandering wizards often cast when visiting local dignitaries' homes asking for a night's lodging.

Both are spells with the advantage of low difficulty!

"These are the two spells you'll be using today. Each of you should use the vine piece on your desk to create a vine suitable for tripping ankles, and turn water into sweet water."

Dorothy diligently carved mana path symbols onto the vine with an arrowhead.

"Is this how it's done? This is right, isn't it, Oknodie?"
"Hmm... it's not wrong, but that will be difficult!"
"Why?"
"Directly carving symbols is classified as tattoo magic or engraving magic, which is a different field!"
"Then how should I do it?"
"First, you need to determine the power source for the magic. What medium will you use to activate the magic, other than tattoos or engravings!"

Typically, magic is used by creating a mana path in the air with a staff that collects specific attribute mana.
But a staff is difficult to use like a dual weapon while holding a sword in one hand.

"How do you use it, Oknodie?"
"I use this!"

A short rod with a pearly glowing round bead!
It's a magic wand, much shorter than a staff.
"Wow. Is that stone at the end edible too?"
"This isn't for eating! It's a wand!"
"...Stones aren't for eating either."

A wand is a medium that's good for collecting attribute mana, though not as good as a staff.
It acts as a kind of filter and concentrator that filters the disordered attribute mana in the vicinity and refines it into the attribute the user wants.
It can be compared to a puzzle-solving aid or cube-solving tool that provides great advantages in using magic.

"Huh?"

But the color of the gathering mana puzzle pieces seems a bit strange.
Nature mana is green.
Cold mana is blue.
Fire mana is red.
Most should have these colors.
But the mana gathering around my wand is black, the symbol of evil magic and ominousness.
Amplification magic used with such black mana couldn't possibly produce good results.

<Amplification>

The vine stem affected by the magic turned pitch black, then became a vine covered in extremely dangerous-looking thorns.

"Wow. I couldn't tell when it was just a piece, but this was a thorn vine!"

Dorothy, unaware of the situation, just marveled innocently.