# <230 - Point Giveaway Event>

From a player's perspective, there's nothing happier than a weekly event that gives out lots of points.
In that sense, the upcoming Sports Festival is the happiest event of the first semester.

"Before the Sports Festival, students from all grades will be divided into classes of about 50 people. There will be individual competitions, class competitions within the same grade, and even competitions between different grades."

Professor Mahabharata, the first-year student affairs director, patiently explained what a sports festival was to the bewildered students.
In a fantasy world without mandatory elementary, middle, or high school education, the concept of a sports festival was unfamiliar.
It was just part of a shameless marketing ploy by the game company to trigger nostalgia in adults!
People complained a lot at first.
Until they found out it was an event that gave out a ton of points.

-Can't we have sports festivals 12 times a year?
-I want to do nothing but sports festivals every week
-Agreed

Players who learned the truth quickly withdrew their criticisms as easily as flipping their hands.
Anyway, here's a summary of the Sports Festival:

━━━
◎Sports Festival Guide
◇Point Distribution
*Individual Events
1st place 10 points, 2nd place 8 points, 3rd place 5 points
*Class Competitions
1st place 100 points, 2nd place 80 points, 3rd place 50 points
*Grade Competitions
1st place 1000 points, 2nd place 800 points, 3rd place 500 points

◇Sports Festival Events
*Individual Events (100 types)
-Running 4 types (1km run, obstacle course, tightrope running, fantasy magic running)
-Throwing 7 types (paper airplane throwing, dart throwing, disc throwing, desk throwing, javelin throwing, rock throwing, pillar throwing)
-......
*Class Competition Events (10 types)
-Track and field 4 types (tug-of-war, relay race, pot breaking, long jump rope)
-Ball games 3 types (superhuman strength dodgeball, human billiards, Shaolin soccer)
-......
*Grade Competition Events (1 type)
-??? 1 type

※Points earned at the Sports Festival are worth 1 point each
※If match-fixing is detected by the student council, the cheaters' points will be confiscated
※Except for grade competitions, matches between lower and upper grades are absolutely prohibited for safety reasons
※For safety reasons, 3rd and 4th years will hold their individual and class competitions in different locations, so don't worry!
※Grade competitions will be held in the same space, so be careful not to die suddenly!
━━━

"Oknodie. Did you make this template so your classmates could see it easily? That's nice of you."
"No? I'm planning to sell them for 5 points each."
"......"

Tsk tsk. Isabel is still clueless like a true NPC.
If you want to earn points, you need to seize every small opportunity and save up diligently.

"Oh, this is good!"
"Oknodie, sell me one!"
"I'll take three. I'll save them and sell them to others for a higher price!"
"In that case, I'll take ten."
"See, Isabel? They're selling really well, right?"
"...Then give me three too. One for Gisele and Son O-cheon as well."

In the end, 800 templates sold out on the day they were made.

"Oh right, Isabel. Keep this between us."
"Why?"
"These templates were made with duplication magic, so they only last for 24 hours. Make sure to copy the information somewhere else before then!"
"!!"

Tomorrow I'll duplicate a thousand more and sell them!


* *


Looking at students wandering around campus after lectures, every one of them was holding a template and discussing which events would be advantageous to participate in.
Among those students were the trio of Tito Soga, Frill, and Canillian Truffle.

"Don't you think paper airplane throwing seems like an easy win? It feels like you could win by luck even without skill. And I'd look super cute throwing a paper airplane."

In response to Frill's princess-like comment, Canillian snorted and pointed out the harsh reality.

"As if! Obviously there will be people cheating with magic. This is essentially a magic competition to see who can enchant the most efficient magic onto a small paper surface to outperform other paper airplanes."
"Eh? That's what it is? Geez... it's not an easy win at all."

Tito Soga, who was next to them, also became dejected.
The Sports Festival with massive points at stake.
If done right, this could be an opportunity for tremendous gain.
Finding events with even a slight chance of an easy win was the natural desire of lower-class students!
However, she was also worried.

'Lady Arcadia... it looks like you're going to push yourself too hard for Oknodie.'

Is it really okay to be casually looking for easy events like this?
Maybe she should just pick some events quickly and go help Arcadia.
After all, she herself had limited skills.
She wasn't confident in physical or magical combat, and with poor intellect and dexterity, she couldn't even compete in the administration or production departments, so she had fled to the adventure department.
All she had was grit and passion, but she couldn't turn her back on Arcadia just to pursue her own interests.
Even among the brilliant followers, Arcadia had employed her, a nobody, as a close aide. Considering that kindness, ignoring her would be ungrateful.

Swoosh... swoosh...

After roughly picking some events that looked easy, Tito Soga got up and realized that a very suspicious figure had approached their table.
Despite the approaching summer, this person was fully armored in black, breathing heavily through the gaps in their helmet.
Their identity was...

"Eek! Is this a point robber?!"
"Not at all. I'm here to sell the Dark Association's information sheets."

It was the black knight Mob, who was working part-time selling information sheets for the Dark Association.

"Kekeke. That seems about right! Information sheets? What would we use those for?"
"That armor looks really heavy. You're the black knight Mob, right? If you have nowhere to go after graduation, come to Truffle City in the Southern Holy City-State Federation. I'll find a position for you."
"Thank you. Ah, this isn't the time for that. Would you like to buy an information sheet while you're at it?"

Canillian firmly declined.

"I already have enough information with this."

When Canillian showed Oknodie's Sports Festival template, Mob cheerfully recommended:

"Then this will be even more helpful. This information sheet contains the predicted list of events that upper-class students will participate in. Whether you want to benefit from it or avoid them, it will be very useful."
"Hmm... that's unexpectedly good. I'm quite interested."

After Canillian purchased the information sheet, Frill and Tito Soga quickly bought copies too, thinking that such a smart girl wouldn't make a losing deal.

"<Paper Airplane Throwing> Expected participant: Oknodie. Ah, I didn't think of that. Our grade's top student is quite childish and loves to play, so she'll definitely participate in playful events like this."
"Look here. Oknodie's name is also under <Desk Throwing>. It wouldn't be cute for a girl to participate in something like that."
"She's also listed for <Balloon Floating>. Beyond cuteness, isn't Oknodie's name listed for all these eccentric events?"

Canillian questioned the reliability of the information!
Mob shook his head.

"That's what makes it more credible. She's truly eccentric. Those who know her will understand."
"Come to think of it, Tito Soga is quite close to Oknodie. Is what this part-timer saying true?"

Tito Soga carefully recalled what she knew about Oknodie.

-Tito Soga. I heard there's a Cerberus in the cafeteria basement that eats leftover food. Want to fight it together and loot the remaining food?
-Eh? What's that? No way. That's scary.

That was their conversation at lunch today.

-I just heard a huge explosion from a third-year's lab. Want to climb up the building wall together to check it out?
-We could die!! Good first-years shouldn't sneak into upper-class areas, especially somewhere that seems to have had an accident, without reporting to the instructors!

That was their conversation yesterday evening.

-Look at this, Tito Soga. It's a blue-spotted spider. Hehe. Cool, right? It's a rare spider that's hard to collect, and I caught two at once. Want one?
-Eek! That has deadly poison. Put it down quickly. You'll die if it bites you. You'll die!

And that was what happened when they met on the street the day before yesterday.
Tito Soga's eyes lost focus.

"Umm... is the reliability 100%... I'm sure it is. The weirder the event sounds, the more likely Oknodie will participate."
"Since Tito Soga officially confirmed 100% reliability, if it's wrong, we'll take out our frustration by feeding her bad snacks. Sorry for doubting you."
"No problem. I'd be suspicious too if I didn't know Oknodie."
"Wait, aren't you treating me too harshly?!"

Canillian and Mob shook hands amicably, concluding their transaction on good terms.
However, Frill, who had been carefully examining the information sheet, pulled on Tito Soga's collar with a serious expression.

"Tito. You need to see this."
"Your expression doesn't look good. What's wrong?"
"It's about Lady Arcadia."
"Huh?"
"Her name isn't listed just once. It's listed an incredible number of times."

After looking at the events, Tito Soga understood what Frill was trying to say.

"What is this?"

From 9 AM to 9 PM.
Monday through Friday.
Excluding team events and class competitions, and accounting for travel time, Arcadia's name was listed in the maximum number of events she could possibly participate in.

"Excuse me, part-timer. What's going on here? Lady Arcadia is listed for too many events."
"Ah, that's not just speculation, it's almost confirmed. I heard that Lady Arcadia herself declared she would participate in as many individual events as possible."
"Whaaaat?!"

Those who didn't know the situation might think that Arcadia, having overcome her family's crisis, was determined to showcase her abilities to regain her influence.
However, Tito Soga, who had overheard the conversation between Arcadia and the foundation scholar Jaku, realized a different intention.
This was a strategy to draw attention.
To make herself the target of all the foundation scholars' attention.
Among the upper-class students from the frontier, the easiest target would be Arcadia herself, who had recklessly increased her participation in events.
She had set herself up as both bait and target in a reckless plan.