# 71 - Results Announcement

All eyes were on the instructor as he spoke.

"The competition isn't over yet. I'll announce the results after everyone has either completed the course or forfeited."
"Ehhh~"
"That's so mean~"

Though disappointed, the students thought the outcome was already obvious.

"That Mob guy ran like a madman, so last place is already decided."
"Third place will be Live, and fourth will be Carnegie anyway."

The competition of those who fell behind.
Among the students waiting for the results without much expectation, Oknodie perked up her ears.
Due to the perception interference magic, she couldn't see anything happening on the course.
But if she concentrated, she could faintly hear sounds.

"...on!"
"...just a bit more..."
"Don't give...up!"

The cheers grew louder.
Someone came down the rope and ran through the final course to take third place.
When their identity was revealed, everyone was shocked.


* * *


The third-year seniors attending the "Jeneger's Tactics" lecture.
They had been engrossed in betting points on the rankings of the first-years, but now they no longer cared about who they had bet on.
While the duel between Oknodie and Skola had them on the edge of their seats, the competition between those who fell behind was even more heart-pounding.

"Lane 2, don't let them catch up!"
"Don't give up, Lane 4!"

Mob began climbing the cliff with surprising determination, enduring his injuries.
He used all available safety ropes for his ascent, considering his condition, but thanks to this thorough preparation, he managed to climb bit by bit.
In contrast, Live, whose spirit had been broken after being quickly overtaken by Oknodie despite his bravado, couldn't pick up his pace.
A moment of lost concentration.
When that happens, a person's strength drains away as if a spell has been broken.
That was Live's current state.

"Hang in there!"
"Just a little more!"
"Don't give up!"

Despite the continued cheers, Live, having lost his momentum, ultimately fell behind even Mob.
After climbing up using the safety equipment, Mob realized he could use the same equipment for the lift.

"Ugh. My whole body is killing me."

He didn't even attempt to look for the target.
His only goal was to complete the course.
When the lift stopped, his body was thrown forward and landed with a thud.
He pressed the button to release his belt, took off his vest, and struggled to his feet, revealing the final section.
As he crossed the finish line with a limping, staggering gait, everyone looked at him with surprised faces.
No one had expected him to come in third.

"Oknodie. Did you get first place?"
"I don't know. It was pretty close."
"They're about to announce it."

Zuang, who was usually unpleasant, spoke to her unexpectedly kindly.

"You've got quite the determination."
"U-uh? Me?"
"The stuttering is a bit much though."
"Ugh."
"Kekeke! This guy would make a perfect pirate! A pirate needs the guts to fight even the roughest waves!"
"I only remember fighting with the track..."
"Pirates need that kind of stubbornness too!"

It seemed a bit sad that she only scored points with dangerous people.

"Alright, that's enough chatter. I'll announce the results."

[Student: Skola] - 1st in group
[Running: +20 points (Elven running ability)]
[Obstacles: +19 points (Orcish breakthrough power)]
[Accuracy: +18 points (Slightly disappointing rapid fire)]
[Composure: +18 points (Slightly disappointing altitude resistance)]
[Technique: +20 points (Divine technique)]
[Total: +95 points (Better than the instructor)]

[Student: Live]
[Failed to complete, outside ranking]
[Forfeited - Failed cliff climbing in 3rd course]

[Student: Carnegie]
[Failed to complete, outside ranking]
[Forfeited - Failed swamp escape in 1st course]

[Student: Mob] - 3rd in group
[Running: +8 points (Impressive endurance running)]
[Obstacles: -60 points (Why not just smash everything?)]
[Accuracy: -20 points (This is an archery class)]
[Composure: +12 points (Strong will to complete the course)]
[Technique: -20 points (Orcish technique)]
[Total: -80 points (Quasi-human, breathing protozoan)]

[Student: Oknodie] - 2nd in group
[Running: +18 points (Reverse running was the only flaw)]
[Obstacles: +20 points (Orcish breakthrough power)]
[Accuracy: +15 points (Good target hits)]
[Composure: +20 points (Guardian's composure)]
[Technique: +16 points (Bold technique)]
[Total: +89 points (Better than the instructor 2)]

1st place, Skola.
2nd place, Oknodie.
3rd place, Mob.

Unfortunately, Oknodie failed to achieve first place.

"I'm sorry, Mob."
"What are you apologizing for? Just looking at the scorecard, I can tell how hard you fought against that monster."

Mob was satisfied.
It wasn't first place, but everyone acknowledged her.
They all recognized Oknodie's true value.
Descendant of the divine archer.
Against the unrivaled first place whose archery was said to be unmatched, it was 95 points versus 89 points.
A somewhat regrettable match, but a decent competition.

"Skola. You showed skills worthy of a descendant of the divine archer."
"Thank you."
"Oknodie. You exceeded expectations too. Though that reverse running during the competition was a bit much."
"Hehe. I get embarrassed when you praise me like that."
"It wasn't praise, you idiot."

The instructor, looking at Oknodie with disapproval, turned to Mob.

"Mob. Are you defying me?"
"I'm sorry. I just wanted to somehow boost Oknodie's morale so she wouldn't fall behind because of me and could take the lead."
"Mob's test attitude was the worst. Course deviation with massive point deductions, and because of the mess at the beginning, you ended up injured and couldn't even run properly later. In a real situation, a subordinate like you would be nothing but trouble."

It was a rebuke that made it impossible to lift one's head.
However, the instructor didn't just scold him.

"Still, you were much better than the other two. Your run boosted Oknodie's morale, and you admirably completed the course despite your injuries."
"Th-thank you!"
"Carnegie. You were stuck in the swamp for too long."
"I'm sorry."
"Live. Test your abilities only after you've completed sufficient training."
"I'll keep that in mind."

The competition that had fired up everyone's hearts was over.

"The next lecture will be tailored individual education based on today's performance, strengths, and weaknesses."
"Note that those who failed to complete the course and those with negative scores are all subject to supplementary classes, so be sure to attend on the weekend."
"Dismissed!"

As the students dispersed, the screams of the third-years could be heard behind them.

"Argh! I got third place wrong!"
"That guy... His run was impressive, but he blew the points."
"How was anyone supposed to predict this..."
"But didn't it make your heart race a bit?"
"I lost points, but I feel like some kind of passion has been rekindled."
"So what about our lost points?"
"...So that's why the passion disappeared."
"I've realized things I didn't want to know..."


* * *


[You achieved 2nd place in your group in the "Ranged Weapon Mastery" lecture.]
[You acquire 10 points as consolation.]

[You had an epic match with Skola.]
[You acquire 100 points as a reward for being an excellent supporting character.]

[Group A students are deeply moved by your spirit of caring for your teammates even during a scored competition.]
[The basic likability of Group A students who heard the rumor rises across the board.]

After the lecture, students gathered around Oknodie and Mob.

"How did you do it?"
"You're so good at cliff climbing."
"How did you pass the fourth course?"
"I hung by my feet and shot the bow."
"Wow... You supported yourself with leg strength while raising your upper body to shoot? Your core strength must be no joke."

Students who had taken the same test asked about the sections they found difficult.

"It wasn't that hard! I've done it before."
"Before? This kind of thing? Where?"
"Ah. Well, that's... s-similar things!"

The students' gazes became meaningful.
The theory that Oknodie had received assassination training gained more credibility.

"Still, it was clever to think of running together. Reverse running, no less."
"I've done a lot of solo runs before. This time I wondered what it would be like with two people!"
"What happened to the friends you competed with before? Are they as strong as you?"

That was an awkward question to answer.
They were Academy friends, but from previous cycles.
Strictly speaking, it was impossible to meet those she had interacted with in previous cycles again.

"Some were strong and some were weak, but I can't meet any of them now."

The students poked and kicked the one who had asked the insensitive question.

"Oh... sorry. I didn't know and said something thoughtless."
"It's okay. I have all of you now, don't I?"

The cycle has changed.
Such a simple statement made the students even more moved.

"Di really is a good person!"

Arcadia emerged from among the students and gave Oknodie a big hug.

"Someone this kind would never go around hitting people or making threats."
"From now on, if anyone spreads false rumors about Di threatening students or instigating violence, this Arcadia won't forgive them!"
'...I think I know why those rumors are spreading.'

Oknodie awkwardly smiled and avoided Arcadia's gaze, which was full of infinite trust.