<316 - Shortcut 2>

The third mansion on the Cuerania Archipelago, known to students as "the Chairman's Mansion," was actually the "Training Tower" where butlers stayed and trained as if it were their home.
Jonna entered the control room, the fifth special facility on the Training Tower, for the first time in a long while.

━━━
Chairman's Mansion (Training Tower)
50F - Control Room
━━━
Control Room: You can check the challenge status and number of people staying on each floor you've climbed.
━━━
2F (Wooden Doll Floor) - Mob (48 min), Jaku (44 min)
3F (Arrow Rain Floor) - Pyoi (1 hr 5 min)
...
9F (Shooting Floor) - Jigoku (1 hr 22 min), Arcadia (37 min)
10F (Dormitory) - 27 users
...
20F (Dining Hall) - 15 users
...
21F (Rock Floor) - Son O-cheon (55 min)
...
...
━━━

Perhaps it was because they had spent a semester at the Academy with its many eccentric facilities.
Students had begun to use the facilities cleverly.
They spent time aiming to earn special rewards by surviving for 30 minutes or more, or even an hour or more, on floors where they could leverage their specialties.
There were two types of rewards in the Training Tower.
First, rewards commensurate with the highest floor conquered when leaving the tower.
Second, special rewards that upgraded every 30 minutes on each floor.

'This tower doesn't easily allow shortcuts.'

If one tried to climb just one floor each time they entered the tower to get rewards from all floors, they would have to climb the tower only once a month.
Once you leave the tower and receive a reward, the next reward is only given a month later.

"How about it? Since you're here at the tower after so long, why not try climbing? Don't you feel the itch?"

It had been at least two years since Jonna last entered the tower, well over a month ago.
Perhaps now he could break through the dreaded 65th floor.
Considering that ordinary butlers barely managed to climb 50 floors, Jonna was certainly a special butler.

"I appreciate the offer, but I cannot take my eyes off the control mana board for my Lady's remote protection."

What meaning would there be if his desire to enjoy that special status took away his opportunity to help his Lady?
Jonna did not succumb to the temptation of improving his skills by acquiring excellent magical tools from his stagnant state.
The Chairman smiled as if disappointed.
He was a man with bad hobbies, now as before.
He liked to shake people's hearts and make them fall into traps with seemingly beneficial offers.
Knowing the Chairman's methods, Jonna completely shook off even the last bit of temptation in his heart.
He had enough power.
What saddened him was not his lack of strength, but his own rashness that prevented him from protecting his Lady.

"Haha. You've learned your lesson well. You don't show openings as easily as before, so I suppose you've finally adapted to the butler profession."

Ignoring the Chairman's provocation, Jonna scanned the mana board.
Where could his Lady be?
As the floors went up, the number of noticeable names and students and foundation members staying decreased.

━━━
30F (Exhibition Hall) - Gisele, Mesugakki
━━━

On the 30th floor's special facility, the Exhibition Hall, only Princess Mesugakki and the shadow merchant Gisele remained.
Whether they shared the same hobby as the Chairman or whether there was something in common between wealthy people, the two were clearly showing admiration and fear—in other words, awe.

━━━
39F (Silence Floor) - Xing, Oknodie
40F (Special Training Room) - Yupi, Irene
...
45F (Curse Floor) - Zuang
...
49F (Lion Floor) - Ishtar
━━━

Found her.
His Lady was staying on the 39th floor.
The 39th floor was special.
No, all floors ending in 9 were special.
They were barriers blocking access to the special facilities on every 10th floor.
Without special strength, it was difficult to overcome these barriers of the number nine.

"Switching control monitor. 39F. Target: Oknodie."

Seeing the video directly, he could tell.
Oknodie had only come to meet Xing.
She had no interest in climbing the tower at all.

"Isn't it strange? A child who normally loves to play so much shows such a lackluster attitude when given an obvious playground."

"She might have noticed that we're observing her. My Lady likes 'Hiding' and doesn't like to reveal her abilities."

Perhaps she was pretending to hide her skills.
While thinking there was some truth to Jonna's words, the Chairman let out a shallow sigh.
Even in the tower full of handsome men and beautiful women, the Chairman's sorrowful sigh stirred the hearts of many women and even made men question their sexual orientation.
Of course, the secretary standing behind the Chairman and Jonna, who was alone under their gaze, were not swayed by his good looks.
That man's true nature was a devil wearing an angel's skin.

"She's given up on climbing. It seems your entertainment won't be realized, Chairman."

Jonna smiled lightly with mockery.
An expression of joy at having scored one against that vicious Chairman!
But his Lady's location information was strange.
25th floor.
20th floor.
15th floor.
She kept going down.
Up to that point, he could understand.
The 10th floor had dormitories.
Perhaps she was going to bed early today.
He could think that.
After using her brain so much on the deserted island and on the ship, it would make sense for her to tire more quickly than usual.
But it didn't stop.
10th floor.
5th floor.
1st floor.
And then signal loss.
It meant she had left the tower.

"Hmm. Am I being disliked?"

"Consider what my Lady experienced on the cruise ship. An ordinary child would have lost her original body and become part of a collective entity made up of 20 selves dwelling in the body of a hero candidate."

"I never thought she would sulk this much. Being young is quite inconvenient. She clearly has potential, but she's throwing a tantrum and refusing obvious benefits."

Who does he think this tower was prepared for?
The Chairman's sigh deepened.
The 49th floor where the hero would be standing now was a barrier that determined butler-level strongmen, or instructor-level strongmen by Academy standards.
Oknodie could easily climb up there.
She would get the tower's rewards and realize the necessity of this tower.
Then she would want to visit the tower periodically as she grew stronger to get rewards, and willingly reveal her growth rate to the foundation.
The trap set by the Chairman to gauge the level of a child with many secrets ended up only fattening the hero and his friends.
While it wasn't a loss, the situation was disappointing as it failed to achieve its original purpose!

"...We have a problem. They say they can't find Oknodie on the cruise ship."

"Didn't Jonna say so? That child is good at hiding. Don't just run detectors, send people."

"We've already sent people. And confirmed. Oknodie is not currently on the cruise ship. The same goes for the student named Xing who disappeared with her."

It was a bizarre story.
She left the tower.
She didn't return to the ship.
Did she disappear into thin air?
Spatial movement was impossible.
Because interference fields had been plastered all over to prevent external intrusion.
Without using the special facility on the 60th floor, the "Transfer Magic Circle," spatial movement was impossible.

"Search the island thoroughly."

If not the tower or the cruise ship, she must be hiding somewhere on the island.
Butlers began searching around the island.

"Stop the search."

"Chairman. If we search a little more, we might achieve results."

"I understand your concern about losing your 'Lady,' but it's unnecessary worry."

The Chairman chuckled as he looked at Jonna, who was showing his fierce energy like a wounded beast.

"Our Lady never left the tower in the first place. Look at this."

A location that wasn't captured in Jonna's observation.
An area indicating above the 65th floor.
Information about the 69th floor appeared on the Chairman's mana board.

━━━
69F (Living Armor Floor) - Oknodie (5 min), Xing (5 min)
━━━

Jonna was surprised.

"69th floor? How did my Lady..."

"It seems my child knows some secrets about the tower as well."

The two finally reached the 70th floor after leaving the 69th floor 30 minutes later.
The Chairman went straight up to the 70th floor using the elevator.

"Ah, Papa!"

"Was there a shortcut?"

"You're not expecting to hear it for free, are you?"

"Let's exchange it for one unique grade item."

"There's an underground floor! You can hide in the waste from each floor and be delivered directly to that floor. Of course, you need something like living armor to block visual observation, physical detection, and mana tracking from other targets if you don't want to be killed as soon as you arrive!"

"Was it Destroyer? Did he tell you about the Training Tower too?"

Oknodie just shrugged her shoulders.
The Chairman laughed so widely that the inside of his mouth was visible.
It was such a big laugh that it wouldn't have been strange if he shed tears.
Deception.
Social laughter.
The Chairman himself couldn't remember how long it had been since he had laughed such a pure laugh without any calculation or self-interest.

"Jonna is waiting. Shall we go down to the dining hall together?"

"Let's use the special facility first since we're here!"

The special facility on the 70th floor was the "Reinforcement Room."