# Enhanced Translation: Test Opponents 2

The Academy was buzzing with excitement over the arrival of midterm exam opponents for the second semester.

"Did you hear? A small southern kingdom called Troy sent an apprentice knight squad composed of children from the old generation of knights as exam opponents for the Knight Department students."
"Lucky them. I bet they'll have lots of handsome men there. Meanwhile, we got a bunch of super strict noble ladies invited as exam opponents for 'Introduction to Ballroom Dancing'..."
"Oh, what's that? Lots of well-dressed noblewomen with waists as thin as ants? That sounds like heaven to me!"

Son O-cheon, who was passing by, showed his monkey-like interest in the conversation about women.
When the lower-class students froze up nervously, Isabel pulled Son O-cheon's ear with a look of exasperation.

"Why are you bullying these poor kids?"
"Ow, ow! What did I do wrong? If I see someone I like, I should be able to show some interest."
"You know nothing about ballroom dancing. Do you have any idea how fierce women's political battles can be? If there's a rival eyeing the same man you like, you might end up in a dance duel."
"Ha. Don't underestimate me just because I'm a beast-kin. How do you duel with dance? Do you pull out swords?"
"You compete by wearing Dancing Shoes that move on their own, seeing who can endure the longest without making a fool of themselves. Do you know how many dances you need to learn and how much flexibility you need to withstand shoes that move at speeds and patterns beyond your control?"

Son O-cheon's jaw dropped.

"Are you insane? Willingly putting on those cursed items and having endurance contests? That's so manly!"
"You mean womanly. They practice splits at 180 degrees and train with constrictive shoes or steel footwear until their feet blister, all to attract promising men."
"Why practice with such torture devices?"
"Because Dancing Shoes have nasty temperaments—if the wearer endures too long, they increase in weight or tighten around the feet."
"You guys are actually taking such a course?"

The lower-class female students laughed awkwardly.

"Thanks for acknowledging our struggle."
"Honestly, we thought it would be an easy class where we'd just dance, but we had no idea it would be this brutal."
"We should have known better when we heard that Duke Andersen's son prefers women who dance well..."
"..."

So that landmine of a man doesn't just drag his own classes and followers into the abyss, but also everyone who shows interest in him?
Son O-cheon secretly vowed never to even greet Andersen again.

"Oh my. But it's not all bad, you know? If you properly complete this course, you gain a whole 10 points of dexterity experience!"

The person who had intimidated the lower-class female students upon her arrival was Baroness Arcadia, who opened a fan engraved with a dancing phoenix and covered her mouth.

"That's only possible for someone like you, Lady Arcadia."
"We ordinary students can't handle the high-difficulty challenge moves and dancing challenges..."
"Hohoho! Then I'll be taking first place in this course. By all means, aim for second place and work hard!"

Son O-cheon scratched his head as he watched the lower-class female students leave with drooping heads like defeated soldiers.

"Hey, weren't you usually kinder? Your personality seems to have changed."
"Hohoho. I've recently found a new hobby. Since my family's honor as a count has been tarnished, I enjoy crushing those petty individuals who spread rumors behind my back, saying my true nature would be revealed now that I can't rely on my family name. I make them unable to even squeak."
"Well, that can't be helped then."

Son O-cheon readily agreed.
Just as a bird that soars high falls longer, the rumors about Arcadia had persisted for quite some time.
He even felt a sense of respect for Arcadia's resilience in enduring it all, to the point where other students were now intimidated just by taking the same class as her.

"What kind of exam opponents have come for Son O-cheon?"
"Given this atmosphere, I should mention the most vicious ones, right? For the course 'Even a Monkey Can Understand Sangdeokchiin,' they've invited imperial officials."
"My, that sounds like quite an intellectual course?"

Isabel looked at Son O-cheon with a sense of betrayal.

"What's Sangdeokchiin? You're taking that kind of course?"
"Actually, I thought they'd teach some special techniques. But they just recite texts all day—I thought I was going crazy."
"Then why did you take it?"
"I didn't register for enough courses, and if I didn't take this one, I'd either have to buy credits with points or repeat a year."
"...You fell for a course name perfectly designed to trap monkey beast-kin."

So what kind of course is this anyway?
Son O-cheon explained to the dumbfounded Isabel.

"Sangdeokchiin is apparently the opposite of supernatural powers."
"What exactly do you do in the class?"
"Instead of relying on special mana techniques and magical powers that fall under supernatural abilities, you learn the administrative department's methods of overcoming crises through everyday effort, virtue, law, systems, and human power."
"I can see you definitely chose the wrong course. Aren't you at risk of failing?"

Son O-cheon shrugged.

"Prepare to be shocked. My current grade is first in the classroom."
"That's impossible!"

Isabel protested vehemently.

"I can understand Gisele since he always seemed intelligent. Even Oknodie makes sense considering her early education at the Foundation. But not you."
"What? Don't treat me like an empty can. Don't underestimate the ace of the Administrative Department's liberal arts course."

Arcadia laughed softly behind her fan.

"You seem to have too many prejudices about the Administrative Department. Their courses are quite chaotic in their own way. Getting good grades through studying isn't everything, you know?"
"Do you have some insight, Lady Countess?"
"Let's say the royal family announced they would collect twice as much grain this year in preparation for a famine. Without relying on supernatural powers, how would you collect more grain?"

Isabel thought seriously.

"By developing fertilizers or changing cultivation methods...?"
"Hah. What a stupid answer."

Son O-cheon immediately interrupted with mockery.

"You use the strength you've diligently trained to extort twice as much grain. And to avoid complications, you disguise yourself as a thief and preferably take grain from enemy territories."
"Huh? Then there's no reason for the Administrative Department to teach this."
"That's the correct answer, actually."

At Arcadia's declaration, Isabel was dumbfounded.
This wasn't a joke?

"You can do whatever you want as long as you don't get caught. That's an old saying passed down in the Administrative Department."
"Wasn't the Administrative Department supposed to be for nobles of precious bloodlines from various countries and smart students who excel in their studies...?"
"That's right."
"I'm starting to seriously worry about the future of countries around the world based on what you're saying..."

Arcadia's shoulders shook even more behind her fan as she tried to hold back her laughter.

"Let go of your prejudices. Most administrators in territories have just adequate skills. It's difficult to develop new fertilizers with extraordinary knowledge that surpasses predecessors or to pioneer lands crawling with monsters."
"I suppose that's true..."
"In comparison, stealing others' achievements or exploiting farmers in your territory is much easier and more practical. But if you act rashly out of impatience, you'll only create bigger side effects."
"Like territorial wars with neighboring lands or your territory's reputation plummeting."
"That's why techniques for not getting caught and safely committing acts are important. As a bonus, those in higher positions can learn what underhanded methods are being used in the field by attending these lectures."

It clearly sounded like a garbage course, but why did it sound practical when Countess Arcadia explained it...?

"Sangdeokchiin—what a nice term. If you train hard regularly, you can take things with normal attacks without using special techniques. How rewarding is that?"
"I feel bad for the professor who has to recite all those texts... You really shouldn't badmouth the professor."

Despite Isabel's scolding, Son O-cheon just burst into hearty laughter.

"By the way, have you two heard rumors about the exam opponents coming for the course Di is taking?"

Arcadia's expression suddenly darkened.
It seemed the countess's connections had picked up something concerning.
Isabel's expression hardened as she asked:

"I could ask Gisele, but I haven't yet. What's coming that has you so worried?"

Arcadia sighed deeply.

"I heard rumors they're bringing in a traveling band."
"What's the problem with a band?"
"It's a band that spreads all sorts of status effects—making audiences collectively faint or fall into confusion causing all kinds of incidents, or suffering from not being able to sleep for three days and nights."
"Ah, could it be... the 'Blood Music Band' made up of performers with criminal backgrounds? I vaguely remember hearing about them during my time with the Esonia Adventure Party."

Isabel clenched her fist as she searched her memories.

"The ones who cast an area-of-effect berserk buff on a small nation's army because imperial arrows hit their passing carriage, helping them win a battle of 3,000 against 30,000?"
"Yes, that's the Blood Music Band."

What kind of exam opponents are they bringing in?
Are they planning to make first-year students charge at professors and get them all killed?
Whatever the shocking situation, Son O-cheon waited impatiently for the two to finish their conversation before abruptly asking:

"So which course are you talking about?"

Ah.
Oknodie, this guy takes so many courses.

"From what I've found out, it's called 'Healing Through Picnics.'"
"Damn it. I thought something was off—that's the course Duke Andersen's son is taking."
"..."

Son O-cheon's resolve strengthened.
From now on, he would run away without looking back at the mere sight of Andersen approaching.
Amid all this chaos, there was no news about winged beast-kin coming as first-year exam opponents.
That's because there were already too many villainous exam opponents among those invited for various courses.