# 83 - Flag Battle

Oknodie's team, with the most flags, became the primary target for all other teams.

"I'll knock down whoever comes at us first."
"Can I shoot?"
"Hey, I'm a martial artist too!"
"Cross this line and I'll kill you all!"

After drawing a line on the ground with chalk and making threats, one of Mesugakki's followers reported to the principal.

"Principal! She said she's going to kill us!"

-Oh my. Murder is not allowed!

"Hmph. Really?"

-You're still first-years, aren't you?

"Oh right. We are, aren't we?"

The students were shocked by this exchange with the principal.

"So murder is possible if you're not a first-year?!"
"From which year is it allowed?"
"So that's why Gift Academy has high dropout rates and low graduation rates!"

The shock didn't last long.
Honor Fried Chicken, a member of one of the Empire's three great noble families and highly competitive, took the lead with his spear.

"There, I crossed it. What are you going to do?"
"He crossed the line. Punish him, Hestia!"

Hestia walked out with an expressionless face.
The way she casually held a large double-bladed axe like it was a metal pipe created considerable intimidation.
Not wanting to lose the psychological battle, Honor twirled his spear shaft to show off.
In response, Hestia pulled out a hand axe from her waist and threw it at Honor.

CLANG!

"That's dangerous!"
"It was meant to be dangerous."

So he wasn't just showing off with that spear twirling.
Everyone was impressed by Honor's skill in deflecting the hand axe, but I could see it.
The cold sweat running down Honor's face.
This guy blocked it by pure luck!

"Want to try blocking the next one?"

Honor turned pale when Hestia showed him three more hand axe handles tucked at her waist.

"What are you all staring at? Charge!"
"He's in our faction, but that's really shameful..."
"If he's going to be like that, he shouldn't have stepped up."
"He seems like a sucker, but he's still our team leader, so let's at least keep him alive."

His teammates reluctantly followed him.
Bang!
A bullet hole appeared at their feet.

"Nope! This area is off-limits. I'll shoot you for real."
"You already shot!"
"Red-haired pirate with a triangular captain's hat... I have a grudge against him for snatching our flag last time."
"Today will be different, Jigoku."
"Attack him first!"
"Wait, guys? Where are you going? Weren't you coming to help me?!"

As Honor's teammates rushed toward Jigoku, Honor, now alone, deflected Hestia's double-bladed axe that was swinging with enough force to cut his body in half.

"Agh, it hurts so much!"
"My thigh has a hole in it...!"
"You idiots. You should dodge by watching the gun barrel and avoiding the line of fire!"

As expected of the advanced class, there was one student who skillfully dodged Jigoku's gun barrel while charging forward.

SMACK!

"Lotto! Where is your imperial nobility's dignity, protecting a pirate from the frontier?"
"Shut up. You think I want to protect him? I have no choice if I want to avoid penalty points!"
"Gahahah! Well done, brawler. If you ever board my pirate ship, I'll give you the position of deck master!"
"I don't need that at all!"

While bickering, Lotto pushed back students trying to get to Jigoku with close combat skills.
Everyone seemed to work well together, so they practically demolished one team without me having to step in.

"Is everyone just going to watch?!"
"Hmph. What a waste of the name of one of the Empire's three great noble families."
"That guy was just the weakest among us."
"I haven't lost yet!"

Ignoring Honor's cries, Cheddar Potato Pizza with his bizarrely large hands and Lepe in iron armor stepped forward.

"Princess Yayoi. I, Cheddar Potato Pizza, a member of the Empire's three great noble families, will help with the attack. I'll flatten their weapons like dough with my 'Dough Flattening' technique."
"Frontier brats, taste my Lepe Iron Plate Charcoal Ribs' iron plate charging technique!"

At their feet lay Andersen the Grand Duke's team, who had been quickly defeated.

"Ugh. Be careful, Oknodie. They're strong opponents who defeated even me, who took the 'How to Use Divine Arts Without Faith' lecture."
"...Are you sure you're not just weak because taking that lecture drained your strength?"

Don't take lectures about rolling around physically when you don't believe in gods, then complain about being weak at crucial moments!

"Damn. I shouldn't have followed the Grand Duke's lecture choices..."
"If I had known this would happen, I would have relied on the power of faith for easy wins instead of fighting bulls..."
"I'm weak because I can't sleep well after taking the 'How to Sleep Well Anywhere' lecture that I followed Andersen the Grand Duke into..."

You took that too?!
You've taken every trap lecture there is!

"I'll make you regret not selling your flags. We're going to teach you a lesson!"
"Lotto. It's sad to see you serving a lowly pirate after being expelled from our group. Let me end the disgrace of my fallen former comrade with my own hands."

From Vanilla who tried to buy flags at the last minute to Lotto's former gang member.
Unlike her enthusiastic teammates, team leader Princess Yayoi, the Third Imperial Princess, didn't budge from in front of her team's basket.

"I'm sorry, Miss Oknodie. It seems you're the next target."
"Powerless princess, just guard the basket and watch carefully. Witness the strength of the heirs of the Empire's three great noble families!"

With Cheddar's spirited shout, Yayoi's team began their charge without Yayoi herself.
As Hestia, Jigoku, and Lotto each marked one opponent, Cheddar Potato Pizza with his mouth-watering name charged at me alone.

"Group leader Oknodie. Let me show you clearly the power of my 'Dough Flattening' technique!"

Cheddar's Dough Flattening is a technique that flattens an opponent's weapon like pizza dough when grabbed.
The secret technique of the Potato Pizza family, which destroys and instantly transforms the structure of materials through mana cultivation, can turn even expensive famous swords into garbage.
Fighting him would definitely be disadvantageous.
So I decided.

"Are you running away?!"

Yes, I'm running away.
I absolutely won't fight you.

"Face me fair and square!"
"Fighting 4 versus 9 and calling it fair? Did you flatten your conscience like dough too?"
"As the group leader, you should!"

Since things had come to this, I was planning to join hands with Gisele's team to form a united front, but what do you know.
Gisele's situation was even worse.

"...The Mesugakki Princess is right. Having suffered losses due to fake flags, I won't let you pass this assignment without penalty points."
"Ice user, stop binding my feet cowardly and fight me fair and square in hand-to-hand combat!"

Son O-cheon had his feet bound by Northern Grand Duchess Irene.

"Let's sprinkle salt to melt the ice!"
"Where could we find precious salt in a place like this?"
"Oh, Isabel has plenty of salt. I borrowed some from her this morning for cooking."
"You think I'll let you sprinkle it? Everyone, attack!"
"Don't let that monkey get free!"

Mesugakki, the Second Imperial Princess, and her followers rushed to beat up Isabel and Gisele who were trying to help Son O-cheon.

"Dorothy, take the basket and run... ugh!"
"I'm sorry to target you directly, but I have no problem targeting your friends. Blame your situation on being teammates with the unscrupulous merchant who sold fake flags."
"Meow meow punch!"
"I'll show you the Lightning Punch of the Lightning Thunder Heaven God Church."

Gisele's team, targeted by multiple teams in an advanced class full of named characters, failed both in escape and resistance, and were miserably beaten.

"Hey, when are you going to let go of the basket? I'll keep poking until you do."
"Ow! I'll let go, isn't that enough?!"

Zuang poked Dorothy's side with her dagger handle as Dorothy clutched the basket tightly.
Finally snatching the basket, Zuang dumped out all the fake flags.

"Ah, Oknodie?!"

I ran into Zuang at that exact moment.
Zuang in front, Cheddar Potato Pizza behind.
A crisis with no way out.
Zuang slowly backed away.

"What are you doing! Can't a frontier bumpkin even properly block someone's path?"

Despite Cheddar's provocations, Zuang backed away even further.
Zuang's reaction was clearly...
She's giving me a break because we took the same lecture!

"Thanks, Zuang!"
"Thanks? Don't tell me... you're in cahoots with that woman!"

Cheddar, who had zero trust in others, swung his hand at Zuang.
Zuang's eyes narrowed as she avoided the attack with a slick, sliding movement.

"Don't regret this. You started it."
"How dare a frontier bumpkin talk big... huh?!"

Zuang's flying dagger came without a sound.
As Cheddar tried to dodge by moving his feet, they got stuck to the sticky ground.
Quickly moving only his upper body to avoid the attack, he was surrounded by Zuang's continuous assault as she rapidly rotated around him, alternately throwing black cloth strips and daggers to blind him and strike at his weak points.

"Huh~? Why are we fighting each other during a joint attack? Such attention deficit♥ They don't even remember what they were trying to do♥"
"She started it!"
"Sort out your fight later and tell me which way Oknodie ran♥"

Zuang, finally calming down at Mesugakki's scolding, pointed in the direction I had fled.

"Probably that way..."
"There's nobody there♥"
"Huh? No? Was it this way?"
"Nobody here either♥"
"Huh? Um? What?"

Zuang was confused.
But I didn't think Zuang would be able to find me no matter how long she looked.

[You have hidden under Dragon Principal's giant face for 1 minute.]
[Hiding experience +3]
[Guts experience +10]

Everyone freaks out just making eye contact with the Dragon Principal, so who would look for me here!