# Graduating from the Academy by Luck - Chapter 243: A Fight Without Rules

Xing
In-court survival time: 45 seconds.
Position points: 9 points.
Total: 405 points.

As Son O-cheon watched Xing's sword break, he realized just how reckless his challenge had been.

"If that same attack had come at me, would I have lost my hand...?"
"Don't say stupid things."
"Heheh. Right? I'm just worrying for nothing?"
"Not your hand—both your arms would have been torn off."
"..."

Son O-cheon personally demonstrated the saying "sweating like rain" as Hestia bombarded him with brutal facts.
Despite being just one year apart, the difference in skill was astonishing.

"What kind of creature is this Little mouse who managed to push back such a monstrous senior...?"

A Little mouse hunting a cat beastkin like a cat catches a mouse.
The predator-prey relationship had been completely reversed.
This result defied all common sense.

"Heeh~ You managed to withstand that too!"

Deadcat, who had been focused on deflecting Xing's strike, couldn't pay attention to the dodgeball.
The ball that had been bouncing along the floor reached Oknodie's feet.

"Maybe a senior like you could do it. Maybe you could even catch my sincere killer ball!"
"...You still have another level?"
"Oh come on. Senior, you're stating the obvious. After the three-color ball and six-color ball, of course the rainbow ball comes next!"

Keeeng.
With a sound that shouldn't come from a ball, a multicolored light wrapped around the blue metal ball in both her hands.
Anyone could see its power exceeded the six-color ball.
It was undoubtedly a murderous ball with destructive power beyond the space-cutting ball from before, with a deadly gimmick that would be fatal no matter how many lives you had.

"Rainbow color~~ Full attack~~!"
"...I forfeit!"

Just before the impossibly powerful ball could fly toward him, Deadcat hastily declared his surrender.

Deadcat
In-court survival time: 58 seconds.
Position points: 10 points.
Total: 580 points.

Two seconds.
Despite being just two seconds away from winning with the highest score, Deadcat tucked his tail and fled.
He couldn't even bear to endure that short time.

"The winner is Oknodie."
"Huh? Me?"
"That includes the survival bonus."
"But Senior Deadcat gets three knockout bonuses!"
"Forfeiting players have their final points reduced to one-tenth."
"Aha!"

Deadcat
In-court survival time: 58 seconds.
Position points: 10 points.
Knockout bonus 100 points per person (×3)
Total: 880 points.
Forfeit penalty final total: 88 points.

Oknodie
In-court survival time: 60 seconds.
Position points: 4 points.
Knockout bonus 100 points
Survival bonus 500 points
Total: 840 points

Individual Dodgeball Final Rankings
1st - Oknodie (840 points) - Sports festival points 10 points
2nd - Xing (405 points) - Sports festival points 8 points
3rd - Son O-cheon (150 points) - Sports festival points 5 points
4th - Hestia (105 points)
5th - Deadcat (88 points)

The final result was something no one expected—a second-year senior coming in last place!
Actually, saying "no one expected it" might not be accurate.
Son O-cheon thought there might be just one person who had predicted all these results.

"Eeh~ How could you just dodge!"
"...If there hadn't been interference, I could have caught it."
"Then shall we face off again in the team dodgeball? You promised, right?"

Deadcat rolled his eyes around and slowly backed away.

"I need to go check whether I left my fish plushie on top of my bed or under it."

Whoosh!
The senior leapt from the windowsill and disappeared.
The first-years (except Oknodie) finally relaxed, free from the murderous aura.

"Tch, tch."

Son O-cheon had no interest in understanding Oknodie's frustration at being denied the final showdown just as things were heating up. He just wanted to escape the painful memories of the match and said to the sulky girl:

"Little mouse."
"What?"
"My hand hurts. Can we wrap this up now?"

Seeing Son O-cheon's hand dripping with blood, Oknodie started to contemplate.
...He's injured. He's asking to be dismissed. Is this really something to think about?

"Mr. O-cheon."
"What."
"What level of bleeding resistance do monkey beastkin have?"
"...Seriously, why?"
"Is the bleeding too much to build bleeding resistance without going to the medical wing?"

This girl is completely heartless.


* * *


Contract scammer Bellocasio felt a contradiction when he saw the familiar figure lying face down on the sofa, wrapped in bandages.
How could this reckless cat beastkin, who seemed the furthest from ever getting injured, be wounded?
Does that make any sense?

"Did you face Oknodie?"

The stiffly raised tail was answer enough.
So he got thoroughly beaten.
That kid really was beyond a first-year.

"The rules were unfair."
"Sure, sure."
"It was a loss if a corpse touched the ground."
"Sure, sure."
"I also had to deal with interference from troublemakers."
"Sure, sure."
"Say 'sure, sure' one more time and I'll snap your neck."
"No, no."

A sofa cushion flew past his face and hit the wall.
Kwang.
He wasn't sure if that was the sound a sofa cushion should make when hitting a wall.

"Go away."
"...Our cat princess is quite vicious even when sulking."

If he hadn't reflexively turned his head, his neck would have been broken by the force.

"Want some catnip?"
"...Just a little."

As he was wondering how to soothe this wicked cat for the next few hours, the abandoned factory entrance was flung open with a rattling sound.
For Deadcat with his sharp hearing, that sound was practically saying "Please, someone kill me"—he had warned against making loud noises!

"..."
"Huh?"

He was surprised that the ill-tempered cat didn't immediately get angry, but then he heard a familiar laugh.

"Aaaah~~hahahahaha━!"

A voice that reached all the way to the innermost closed room on the second floor of the vast abandoned factory.
Beautiful honey-colored hair and a refreshing voice that flowed through the building's framework.
There was only one person in the second year with such "noble lady" energy.

"Mandela Castella!"
"Is this the rat hole where the disgraced upper-class second-years hide after losing to a first-year~~? Is this the doghouse of the defeated dog who picked a fight first and then ran away~~~?"
"...Ms. Mandela. Deadcat must be feeling down, so perhaps you shouldn't..."
"Aaah~~? I can't hear the words of an evil merchant who exploits inferior class slaves~~~?"
"..."

The blonde noble lady's twin drill hair swung militantly for all to see.
It was a hairstyle that excellently fulfilled its role of establishing dominance.

"Shut up... I didn't lose because of skill..."
"Pfft pfft~ I didunt looz becuz of skeel~"
"If we'd fought outside the court, it would have been different...!"
"Aaah~~? A second-year who can't win against a first-year without fighting seriously outside the court~~?"

Seeing Deadcat glaring murderously, Bellocasio hid behind an emergency metal plate, expecting another chaotic scene today.
Surprisingly, the two sides didn't engage in battle, which slightly surprised him.
Why weren't these two women, both infamous for their bad tempers, fighting?

"I'm a bit surprised. Even with this level of provocation, you don't pounce. Was the fight enough to deplete all of your 'Nine Lives'?"

Deadcat, who didn't even want to respond, turned his head away.
...But then he showed wariness again and glanced sideways at Mandela.

"Fufu. How cute."

Glare!
His eyes narrowed even more intensely.
Perhaps she was enjoying that reaction and deliberately provoking Deadcat further.
That's what Bellocasio thought.
However, Mandela wasn't just a noble lady with combative drill hair that only knew how to swing left and right.

'Though teasing is fun, to take all the life stacks from someone whose skills are the real deal. Not bad at all~'

A smile formed on Mandela's lips.
It was as bright as the day she first discovered Deadcat, a toy she could play with happily for a year.

"Fine. I'll withdraw for today."
"...Drill-hair. Are you crazy?"
"Fufu. Provocation doesn't work? You've run out of stacks anyway."
"!!"
"Don't be so scared. Butchering a weakened cat isn't a refined noble's hobby."

Her clicking footsteps stopped at the doorway.

"Oh right. I have a feeling that 'dodgeball' might come up in the upcoming inter-grade competition? Not that I particularly want it to happen~~?"
"...?"
"So until Friday when the inter-grade competition is held, make sure to recharge your stacks diligently. We need to avenge the second-years who lost to a first-year, don't we? Aaaah~~hahahahaha~~~!"

The sound of her heels clicking loudly down the metal stairs was followed by the entrance door closing with a rattling bang.
Despite all these irritating sounds, Deadcat didn't show his usual fierce temper. Instead, he licked his hand and vowed revenge.

"Bello. Give me fuel."
"Do you really think dodgeball will be the event for the inter-grade competition, as the Marchioness said?"
"Doesn't matter."

If it happens, so be it.
If not, that's fine too.

"In a fight without rules, I'll prove who will win."