# Ghost-Possessed

"I've heard that students are becoming agitated by some unsavory rumors spreading around campus recently. As a professor of the advanced class, I'll share a few words with you all."

It was Professor Platon's advanced physical training lecture.
The advanced class students looked expectantly at Professor Platon, who was finally showing behavior befitting a professor.
It's not true, right, Professor?
It's just a baseless rumor, right?
Faced with the bright-eyed first-years' gazes, Professor Platon laughed heartily and struck a Front Double Biceps pose, a bodybuilding stance that emphasized his front biceps and lats.

"The rumor that students might die after taking the midterm exam is incorrect!"
"Hooray!"
"That's our Professor Platon!"

Flex!
The professor dynamically flexed his muscles and continued with a gleaming white smile.

"'Weak students will die.' That is the correct truth, so never misunderstand about the midterm exam!"
"Wow..."
"That's our Professor Platon..."

The first-year advanced class students were disheartened to learn that the rumors weren't exaggerated at all.
However, among the first-years, the skilled students didn't show any signs of fear.
Simply put, if you had the skills, there was no reason to fear no matter how ominous the rumors were.

"Please move!! I'll give you 5,700 pieces of carrots, so move, I said!!"
"Heeheeheeheehee!!"

Even those without skills in the advanced class had no luxury to harbor fear.
The triathlon, culminating in the riding course.
A test where students had to cover a set distance using a mount they had tamed.
To pass the test, they needed to tame their mounts and train them to run quickly.
Rather than fearing the actual exam three weeks away, these students were more terrified of the mounts right in front of them.

"Aren't you scared, Irene?"
"If something gets in my way, I'll just freeze it all."
"...What will you do if you freeze your mount?"
"I'll call it an ice otter."
"Irene's mount really needs to behave..."

While some students had training methods so frightening that they impressed their classmates, their mounts feared them instead.

"Oknodie, you chose a golem, right?"
"Yep!"
"How are you going to train it?"

Isabel, holding a disc in her hand, was trying to push back a large dog that was jumping up and down. Finding it too difficult, she threw the disc as far as she could.
The excited dog ran after it but whined when it saw the disc stuck in the leg of my golem standing in the middle of the field.

"Why do I need to train it?"
"...Is that where the difference starts? I can really feel the gap between the top student and regular advanced class students."
"Come on. Golems are gentle mounts, that's why. Isabel, you can easily handle your dog just by throwing a disc."
"But my arm hurts so much from throwing discs all the time. I'm exhausted from taking extra time on weekends to increase our bond. It feels like physical training too."
"Still better than that over there."

Son O-cheon was clinging to a giraffe that was jumping frantically, trying to shake off the annoying "monkey." It ran toward the mountains, ramming into trees and rocks with its entire body in a complete frenzy.
As several trees crashed down with loud thuds, shaking the ground, more students sighed in relief that they hadn't chosen giraffes.

"I'm just going to train."
"I envy you. I wish I had that luxury."
"Good luck!"

After seeing Isabel off, I loosened up my body by rotating my shoulders and stretching my legs to increase my range of motion.
The most efficient training during practice is functional experience training.
And functional experience points are gained based on specific actions.

Like drawing a bowstring for archery.
Or making cutting motions for swordsmanship.

Once experience reaches a certain level, simple actions no longer earn points, and more difficult, complex, precise, or challenging actions must be repeated or performed in sequence.
People who don't know these tricks just work hard randomly and feel like their experience increases through sheer effort.
Of course, veterans who know the judgment triggers don't engage in such inefficient training.

"Hey! I told you to stay still. Curl your legs more so you're easier to roll, and keep your arms tucked in so they don't stick out!"

My efficient functional training method was golem rolling.
Pushing and pulling a heavy object simultaneously trains <Archery>, <Swordsmanship>, and <Physical Techniques>.
Additionally, depending on the pushing distance, it partially fulfills conditions needed for titles like <Strongman> and <One Who Lifted a Golem at Age 11>.

"Heeyah!"

It was only natural that bewildered stares poured in as I grunted like a weightlifter, rolling the golem like a boulder.
Since this was riding training time.
It might have looked quite strange to others that I was tormenting my golem instead of trying to gain its favor when there wasn't enough time.

"Oknodie. What's good about doing that?"
"It's good for many things!"
"Then should I try it too?"

Somehow, Hestia, another golem owner, started rolling her golem beside me.
The stares from around us grew even more bewildered, but I deliberately ignored the piercing gazes.

"I'll give you feed! I'll give you the winter feed in advance, so please run! I'm not even asking for an S grade, just help me get at least a B+ grade!"

Compared to Horner Fried Chicken, who was being dragged around while desperately begging his horse, whatever I was doing looked relatively normal.

* * *

[You have performed comprehensive training of various functions by rolling, pulling, and throwing the golem.]
[Archery experience +15]
[Physical Techniques experience +10]
[Swordsmanship experience +5]
[Fear Inducement experience +3]
[Strength increases by 1 point.]
[You acquire the title <One Who Lifted a Golem at Age 11>.]
[Strength increases by 1 point due to title effect.]
[You acquire the title <Developer of Golem Kettlebell Training Method>.]
[Strength increases by 1 point due to title effect.]
[Sharing this training method will significantly increase your reputation.]

As I was busy pushing, rolling, pulling, and lifting the golem for training, I felt a gaze much hotter and more intense than the students' stares.
It was so intense that I couldn't ignore it, and I turned around in surprise, wondering if something was actually on fire. Professor Platon was standing behind me.

"Oknodie. Would you like to join the Superhuman Strength Destruction Club? It's a club where I'm the faculty advisor, and that superhuman strength of yours seems sufficient to join!"
"I-I'm sorry. I was thinking of joining another club..."
"Who dares to set their eyes on you! Just tell me. I'll destroy that club before summer vacation!!"
"..."

Would you tell him if you were me?
He's saying he'll destroy that club right to my face.

"Um, I have another lecture to attend, so I'll be going now!"

Thankfully, I was attending Destroyer Professor's lecture. Thanks to that, Professor Platon reluctantly let me go.
If I hadn't had a lecture to attend, or if the professor of that lecture had been even slightly weaker or less intimidating, I might have been captured by Professor Platon and dragged to the Superhuman Strength Destruction Club...
The mere thought is terrifying.

"Professor, can I lift that too?"
"Hestia? Hmm, you were lifting your golem well too. Good. I'll let you visit the club once!"

Oh dear...
I pray for Hestia who has made the wrong choice.

* * *

Destroyer felt awkward.
Last Sunday.
He had directly interfered with Oknodie's reunion with her butler.
Even though Oknodie knew about his actions.
For some reason, Oknodie didn't blame him at all.
Sometimes, issues that aren't addressed become more uncomfortable.
That's how he felt now.

'This is driving me crazy. If she were a male student, I could just grab him and ask if he had a problem.'

Oknodie is a female student.
And an 11-year-old child at that.
Even though she tormented that trash from the foundation, she's still at an age where it wouldn't be strange to have a stuffed animal in her bedroom.
The blanket she always uses might be her comfort blanket.
She must have an attachment to her butler too.
If someone carelessly touches something you cherish, you get angry, so how would she feel about her cherished butler?

'I acted too hastily and did something terrible.'

Hiding the awkwardness that was difficult to express, Destroyer tried to lighten his burden by giving hints about the upcoming exam.

"You might be worried about the midterm exam soon, but don't worry too much. My lecture automatically awards points just for attending."
"I wasn't particularly worried!"
"Well, I suppose the midterm exam wouldn't be much of a concern for a student who easily answers questions from the hero's adventure tales, even if they're mock exams."

To alleviate his guilty conscience, he needed to provide more significant information.

"About the dark energy spreading on campus?"
"I know about that!"
"And about parents appearing as ghosts?"
"I helped one find peace and even received a reward!"

Seeing the ring on her finger, he couldn't help but admire her proactive nature.

"Then, do you know there's more than one ghost?"
"Huh??"
"I guess you didn't know that."

Now I can finally clear my conscience.
Destroyer happily shared the information.

"Dark energy attracts ghosts, and ghosts disguise themselves as beings close to the living to absorb their vitality from nearby. Usually, people notice something off and distance themselves from ghosts or become hostile, but sometimes that's not the case."
"Like the ghost papa of the Tito family who appears in the form of loving parents?"

That's correct.
Even knowing it's a ghost, not wanting to get rid of it.
Wanting to keep it close, even if it's fake.
Listening to and compromising with the ghost's demands.
That's how <Ghost-Possessed> individuals are born.

"There's a first-year student who's becoming ghost-possessed. Today's lecture will be replaced with liberating that student."
"Can you tell me who it is?"
"It's not difficult. You probably know them, Oknodie. They're in the same advanced class and quite noticeable."

They were a particularly distinctive student even among the unique students in the advanced class.

"It's definitely that student who uses a sword from the East."
"Ugh."

Oknodie, who hadn't been intimidated even when discussing corpses in sheep during adventure tales, visibly grimaced and hunched her shoulders.
Xing, the Eastern swordsman.
Unlike most people these days, he was taciturn and serious, showing some qualities of a hero.
It seems they already knew each other, being in the same class.