# 147 - Scheduled Event

The plan to use the Imperial Princess completely failed.
She's the first person to make me, a veteran player, feel defeated!
I fear you, Mesugakki 2nd Imperial Princess!

"Hehe. It was nice to get some exercise last night♡ It's been a while since I've felt so stress-free♡ If you want to make another bet anytime, just let me know♡"
"Hmph. After you killed my collection items as you pleased. I'll never call you again!"

While a hunting collection book would count targets even if they're killed, an insect collection book only counts live specimens that have been captured for a certain period of time.
If you collect dead bodies or if your catch suddenly dies, the count is either lost or invalidated.

[You spent the night collecting insects with the Imperial Princess, playing vigorously and joyfully.]
[Observation experience +15]
[Sound detection experience +15]
[Dark vision experience +15]
[Blocking experience +10]
[Collection experience +10]
[Throwing experience +10]
[Hidden weapons experience +5]
[Running experience +5]
[Dark electricity generation experience +3]
[Pitch-black coating experience +3]
[Sensory focus experience +3]
[Reflex experience +3]
[Psychological prediction experience +3]
[Action prediction experience +3]
[The Imperial Princess thinks of you as an 'interesting child.']
[The probability of Mesugakki 2nd Imperial Princess blocking aggressive actions from Imperial faction students has slightly increased.]

The intense battle resulted in tremendous skill experience, but I didn't even have the energy left to be happy about it.
Completely exhausted, I was trudging along when a large hand grabbed me by the scruff of my neck and lifted me up.

"What kind of game were you playing so fiercely?"
"I just really wanted to save them..."

I wanted to get the next title after Baby Fabre...
For some reason, Hestia seemed pleased to see me genuinely dejected.
What's this?
Huh?
Is she angry?

"Hestia. Why are you happy that I'm depressed?"
"Just because."
"That's mean."

Making me angry, this is unforgivable.
Even if it's Hestia, she's crossed the line.
I won't let this slide...!
I'll do this to Hestia...!
I puffed my cheeks full of air and activated my secret technique <Side-eye Glare>!
Hestia became even happier at the sight of my expression, which was meant to stimulate guilt.
As her walking pace quickened, my body, held in her hand, swung from side to side even faster.

"Aaaah- I'm getting dizzy-!"

After completing our journey back, I gained [Sense of Balance experience +3] upon returning to the dormitory.
I only suffered more by trying to be clever.


* *


It was a battle on a completely different level than mere play.
Judging by Zuang's serious expression, I wasn't the only one who thought so.

'I can barely see.'

The Imperial Princess's throwing knives cutting sharply through the darkness.
Her skill at blocking the knives that sliced through the air with rocks, detecting them by sound alone, was no less impressive than a professional mercenary's shield defense techniques.

"Look at you scurrying around♡"
"Just give up! No matter what, as long as you can't kill all the insects I've collected, I'll definitely win!"

Despite the plea to surrender, the Imperial Princess responded with a cold sneer.

"The word 'defeat' doesn't exist in the dictionary of an Imperial Princess. Don't you know such basic facts~?"

As the Imperial Princess snapped her fingers, the throwing knives she had been using began to emit an ominous magical energy.

<Imperial Royal Mana Cultivation Technique>
<Dormant - Property Change>
<Metallization>

The cool, sharp metal energy could be felt from the trees, rocks, and all over the ground.
In the torchlight raised for safety, the forest tinged with metallic color and the Imperial Princess's ominous smirking expression became visible.

"Be careful, Oknodie!"

No sooner had the warning been given than the Imperial Princess's knives came rushing in.
Since stealing Oknodie's collection tweezers, the Imperial Princess had been throwing them continuously, making one wonder if she had stolen a pocket that produced infinite tweezers!
Unable to contain her suspicion any longer, Hestia approached a tree where one of the tweezers had embedded itself and discovered the secret of the tweezers.

"This is... a replica?"
"It's the Imperial Princess's talent."

Zuang peeked out from behind and examined the tweezers before speaking.

"Touch it with your hand."
"The tweezers... they're crumbling?"
"Materials created with mana naturally transform like that when they get far from the sorcerer. As the mana inside depletes, they return to their original form."
"For something like that, it's quite solid."
"She infused enough mana into the projectile to maintain its form for a certain period. Some have more mana stored in them."

Zuang caught a tweezers that bounced nearby with her bare hand.
When she handed the tweezers to Hestia, who rubbed it between her fingers, she felt its firmness, unlike the previous tweezers that had crumbled. It was extraordinarily solid, not bending even when applying enough force to bend a real tweezers.

"You should put that down quickly."
"Why?"
"Do you want a nice metal hand?"

Realizing what that meant, Hestia threw the tweezers away in horror, and shortly after, the Imperial Princess snapped her fingers again.
The mana stored inside the tweezers burst out from the tip, turning the grass on the ground into metal, a sight that even frightened Hestia.

"If that hits a person, it's over."
"If you receive a metallization cancellation spell, you can restore the organic structure. Assuming the skin tissue hasn't necrotized or the metallization hasn't penetrated the blood vessels."
"Is it okay to let such a terrifying attack be used against a child?!"
"If you're going to argue that way, Oknodie is equally at fault."
"How is it equal fault? If she gets hit, she'll need urgent treatment at the Academy infirmary!"
"Think about how Oknodie is fighting on equal terms despite facing such an onslaught."

With Zuang's words, Hestia finally regained her composure and observed the battlefield more carefully.
The tweezers flying fiercely.
Blocking the tweezers with rocks, countering by throwing stones to deflect them in mid-air, and deftly hooking the collection container's ring with a finger to pull it back.
When the Imperial Princess's tweezers activated "ricochet" in the metallized field to target from behind, Oknodie now spun her body around to deflect and avoid the attacks.

"Ah!"

As if something wasn't going well, she let out a short cry, and with a sharp sound, one side of the collection container turned to metal.
As its structure changed, the corner of the container broke with a cracking sound.
A rhinoceros beetle that darted out through the corner was pierced by a tweezers and died before Oknodie could protect it.

"You evil princess!"

Unable to contain her frustration any longer, Oknodie grabbed an uprooted tree nearby.

"Nnngh!"

Lifting the tree to waist height with a flash, she threw it toward the Imperial Princess with a shout of "Hyah!"
Several trees hit by the flying tree fell with a crashing sound, but the Imperial Princess burst through the dust cloud and pointed a finger at one of the collection containers.

"Take this!"

A golden streak of electricity shot out with a crackling sound!

"Ah, that's unfair!"

Black electrical currents also shot from Oknodie's outstretched finger, grounding the electricity.
The Imperial Princess's lightning magic was cast so skillfully it required no incantation, and Oknodie matched it.

"You learn quickly~? Lightning magic isn't even on the syllabus yet. Hehe. But you're still weak♡"
"That's unfair! You're just boosting your output with elixirs!"
"Hehehe. If you're frustrated, you shouldn't have challenged a member of the Imperial Royal Family~. Persistent little nobody♡"

She was clearly being pushed back.
But Oknodie was responding.
To all of the Imperial Princess's attacks.
Physical, magical, applied, irregular, wave assaults.
Out of ten attacks, she countered six, avoided three, and barely fell behind on one.

"How is the Imperial Princess not the top student in her year with those skills? She's stronger than Oknodie."
"She probably maintained her dignity. She clearly seems more self-centered than Oknodie. And..."
"And?"
"Oknodie isn't attacking the Imperial Princess, she's just trying to protect her collection containers."
"Ah, I see."

This was never a duel in the first place.
If anything, it was cargo protection.
It was a battle between Oknodie trying to protect the insects in her collection containers and the Imperial Princess trying to destroy them.
Oknodie moved only with the purpose of protecting her collection containers, like holding the container rings in her mouth while running between trees to avoid continuous attacks.
If she had directed her strength, magic, and wisdom against the Imperial Princess herself, the situation might have been different.

"I'm getting sleepy♡ Let's end this now♡"

In the end, the Imperial Princess remotely controlled the metallization field she had spread everywhere, raising countless spikes and launching them to turn the collection containers into honeycombs, destroying them all.

"After seeing today, you should realize that Oknodie doesn't particularly need your help. She's stronger than you to begin with."
"I can become stronger if I trigger light transformation."
"The same goes for Oknodie. She can do the same by triggering dark mana."

Throughout such an intense battle, Oknodie never once triggered her dark mana.
While dark mana naturally manifested when she used magic, she never once used it as her main means of attack.
She was controlling herself to avoid using dangerous power recklessly against people.

"That's how assassins are. We're professionals who kill people as a job, not as a hobby."
"...Is that so? Not much different from mercenaries then."

Hestia spoke dismissively, as if trying to be stubborn.
Zuang's eyes, staring blankly at her, were indifferent, as if not believing such smooth talk.

"I don't understand why there are so many kids in this Academy who want to play at being friends. Everyone has experienced enough social life outside."
"Maybe they're just immature."
"The Western Nobles Alliance that has crossed battlefields multiple times?"
"Zuang. You don't seem to like the word 'friend' very much. The same goes for trusting others."
"Because I'm an assassin."
"I don't know what you've been through, but Oknodie is different. I'm different too. And you can change."

Zuang turned around, pushing the ground with her foot.

"It's not that I don't want to make friends. I just hate empty relationships that change depending on time and circumstances."

It was around Oknodie's age when she had hoped that friends she made during the day would still be friends when they saw her at night.
Zuang had made friends several times, and lost all those relationships.
The day would surely come when cowardly Titoso or meddlesome Hestia would reveal their true colors and drift away.
And that day might be much closer than they think.

"If you're so confident, let's see how you do. Next week is the start of 'Guardian Observation.'"
"Guardian...? W-wait. That means Oknodie's...!"

Zuang smiled as she made a throat-slitting gesture with her hand in the shadow cast by the moonlight.

"Someone from Oknodie's 'Foundation' will be coming to the Academy."

Everyone will finally learn what the Foundation is, how others perceive it, and what kind of child Oknodie is supposed to be.
Could they still be the same as now, unlike during the first month when everyone's minds were filled with flowery thoughts?
Well.
Judging by that reaction, probably not.
Zuang slipped into the darkness at the corner of the dormitory, leaving behind Hestia who stood frozen with a stiffened face.