# Enhanced Translation: Chapter 393 - Herb Thief

Hidden in the bushes, I firmly held my position.

"We don't know what cowardly tactics the third-years might use. So let's ambush and take them down in one go, Hestia!"
"Got it. I'll beat them to a pulp with everything I've got."

A teaching assistant trudging home late at night, holding a keycard made by capable but lazy instructors.
Seeing the dark circles under his face, Hestia tensed her body.
She took a stance like a leopard ready to pounce on her prey, but I stopped her.

"That's not our target."
"Then who?"
"That's a teaching assistant returning after working 70 consecutive hours in another professor's lab!"
"70 hours? With 24 hours in a day... that means they worked for two days and 22 hours?!"
"Shh. Your voice is too loud!"
"...Is being a teaching assistant really that harsh?"
"Not at all? If you slack off, you can finish in 30 minutes a day, easy."
"I see, that's because you're from the lower class."

As someone from the upper class, I could work as a teaching assistant to earn pocket money if I'm short on points.
I was about to correct Hestia's misconception when I saw the thought cross her face, but decided against it.
Being a teaching assistant can be fun once you try it.
Let the newbies do whatever they want!

"That person with purple skin definitely looks like a teaching assistant, what do you think?"
"Oh, that's just a fourth-year student."
"What about the person crawling on all fours?"
"That must be a second-year who took a potion that makes you crawl on all fours!"
"And that person screaming about the approaching apocalypse while tearing their hair out in agony?"
"What is that? I don't know either. It's scary!"
"There's something Oknodie doesn't know?!"
"Ah, there's a teaching assistant with a keycard coming. Focus!"
"Wait, what about the apocalypse?! Is it really okay to casually ambush a teaching assistant heading home with a keycard?!"
"Shh! Your voice is too loud!"

The ambush was simple.
On signal, charge at full speed and take down the senior in one go!

Whoosh!

"!?"

As Hestia burst through the bushes like a wild beast, the senior panicked and flicked his finger.

<Automatic Barrier>
<Deceleration Field>
<Impact Dispersion>

Three protective spells deployed in the blink of an eye!
It was indeed skill worthy of a third-year, but Hestia's strike exceeded the senior's expectations.

<Superhuman Strength>
<Double Strike>
<Iron Fist>

With her lightning-fast charge and strike, the shields burst one after another, and the senior flew back 5 meters until he hit a tree trunk with a thud!
Hestia continued her assault on the senior who had completely fallen for the surprise attack, blocking his neck with her forearm and punching him in the stomach.

"Kuhak!"

Despite his painful cry, she didn't let her guard down. She kicked his shin to weaken his lower body and was about to knee him in the groin when she hesitated.
For some reason, she glanced at me, then delivered a flying kick to his stomach instead of his groin.

"Urgh, w-why..."
"As expected of a third-year. You can still breathe."

Deciding she couldn't let her guard down, Hestia continued pummeling the senior until he finally lost consciousness and collapsed.

Clap, clap, clap.

"Wow, amazing! The senior couldn't even counterattack once before going down!"
"Oknodie... we were supposed to take him down together. Why didn't you help? Do you know how scared I was about getting hit by the senior's counterattack?"
"You were hitting him so well that there was no room for me to join in. So I cast a barrier spell to prevent any witnesses. Good job, right?"

As expected of chapter boss Hestia.
Even without activating her berserker mode, she's this strong! Truly terrifying!

"I found the keycard, but... didn't we go too far?"
"It's fine. This senior was probably in cahoots with the professor to torment students anyway!"
"No, I'm worried we might have to pay a fine for beating up a senior."

Ah. So that was the concern.

"Don't worry. A senior who gets beaten by a first-year would be too embarrassed to report it anyway!"

Passing scholar.
Unidentified passerby.
Mysterious traveler.
Why would there be such people?
These are just excuses people make up to avoid embarrassment!


* * *


[Keycard security formula confirmed.]
[Security devices leading to the greenhouse have been deactivated.]

The path to the greenhouse where Professor Red Mountain's students diligently grow medicinal herbs.
Even in their deactivated state, the traps detected by my search eye make even an experienced player like me feel a bit creeped out.

<Temporary Intelligence Reduction>
Duration - 7 days
Effect - Drool flows from your mouth like an idiot. Forcibly puts you in the <Dehydration> status effect, and greatly increases the appearance rate of insect monsters attracted to the smell of saliva.

<Scent Permeation>
Duration - 10 days
Effect - Emits a seductive scent that makes monsters drool. Massively increases the appearance rate of tentacle monsters.

<Mimic Door>
Classification - Monster
Characteristics - This monster disguises itself as a door. The moment you place your hand on the doorknob, your hand gets caught and you're swallowed into the stomach beyond the door.

With the security system deactivated, the fountain that sprayed intelligence-reducing liquid stopped working.
The smell perfect for getting caught up in incidents during lectures was forcibly ventilated through the air ducts.
The mimic door rotated the entire wall, replacing it with a wall that had a normal door.

'Mixing traps that you immediately notice with traps you only realize after suffering the consequences - as expected of third-years!'

Their casual incorporation of unfair tricks is remarkable.
But for an experienced player who knows the strategy, it's nothing special.

"Please harvest everything from here to there and put them in the herb cases!"
"How are we supposed to carry all of this?"
"Just put them in your backpack!"

Oh right.
I almost forgot about this.

"Wear these before harvesting!"
"I can feel mana... is this a treasure?"
"That's right!"

Like a skilled mercenary, she has a sharp eye for valuable items.

━━━
<Gloves of Herb Harvesting Resistance (Treasure (+5)>
Grade - Magic Level 6
Description - Gloves specialized for safely harvesting herbs. While wearing these gloves, you won't lose your life no matter what herb you harvest.
Effect 1 - The quality of herbs is not damaged during harvesting.
Effect 2 - Herbs attack the harvester less during harvesting.
Effect 3 - Status ailment onset is delayed during harvesting.
Effect 4 - Provides resistance to curses, burns, and sleep.
Appraisal Value - 150 gold coins, 15,000 points
━━━

Perhaps because they were made by reinforcing easily obtainable cotton gloves, the appraisal value and performance aren't that impressive.
Still, they give you an extra life in the sense that you won't immediately succumb to the toxins or flames emitted by herbs, giving you time to seek help from a healer.
These <Gloves of Herb Harvesting Resistance> are treasures that herb gatherers outside the Academy are desperate to obtain.

"...Just how dangerous are these herbs that you need such a treasure?"
"You'll find out when you harvest them!"

I can't take away the joy of harvesting herbs for the first time.
I waited for Hestia to take the first dig.
After hesitating even with gloves on and trowel in hand, Hestia seemed to realize that we'd only be wasting time and putting ourselves in more danger, so with a sigh, she plunged the trowel into the soil.

Bubble, bubble.

As the ground where she inserted the trowel began to make boiling sounds, Hestia was startled.

"Do I really have to dig this up?"
"If you're scared, I can do it!"
"...You're probably just as scared, Oknodie. I can't act like a coward in front of a child."

Suddenly determined, Hestia gathered her courage and pulled up the herb.
The identity of the herb, which sizzled and emitted heat haze in the air, was <Flame Herb>.
It was a dangerous herb that could catch fire and cause burns if held with bare hands.

"Whoever planted this must be quite ambitious. Flame Herbs can burn themselves to ashes if grown incorrectly!"
"The name tag said 'Mandela Castella☆'."
"That makes sense!"

Having overcome a dangerous one from the start, Hestia began pulling up herbs with ease.
As an experienced player, I naturally continued harvesting herbs without difficulty.
But while diligently pulling up herbs, I spotted something very suspicious.

Traces of soil from deep in the ground that had risen to the surface.
These traces were spread around one particular herb.
Like an insomniac tossing and turning in bed, it seemed as if the herb had tilled the soil itself, gotten up, moved a bit, and replanted its roots!

"What are you waiting for?"
"There's a dangerous herb here. I'm just debating whether to pull it up or not!"
"You treated Flame Herbs like common weeds, but now you're hesitating over this one...? Can that even be called an herb?"

Who knows?
Anyway, if the game classified it as an herb, it must be one!

"Ah, whatever, let's just pull it up!"

No sooner had I pulled up the herb than a dazzling flash of light burst forth.

[Light Blocking Barrier]

Just as I covered the light with dark mana to block it, an even larger energy exploded inside the barrier.

[Mana Barrier]
[Heat Blocking Barrier]
[Shock Blocking Barrier]

Despite layering effective shields with special attributes to enhance performance, the barriers hummed with the power they couldn't fully absorb.
The herb, wrapped in barriers, seemed to raise its eyebrows as if to say "See this?" and violently shook its stem, unleashing a barrage of status effects.

[Poison Blocking Barrier]
[Decay Blocking Barrier]
[Disease Blocking Barrier]
[Bleeding Blocking Barrier]

As the herb threw different types of status effects, I kept changing my barrier types to match each one!
After an intense battle, victory was mine.
The herb, having lost its strength, stopped resisting and became docile.

<Rainbow Herb>
Cultivator - Red Mountain
Characteristics - Professor Red Mountain's trap herb disguised as a student-grown herb. When ingested, it either inflicts random status ailments or increases random resistances.

"Hehe. Got it!"
"Oknodie. I just made a decision."
"What is it?"
"After graduating from the Academy, if I find an unfamiliar herb in a strange place, I will absolutely never harvest it."

Hestia's resolve seemed very firm.