# 38 - I Can't Choose This

I got a nickname.

"D. Come over here and try some cookies."
"They're so good!"

Arcadia.
The princess of the Kingdom of Florence must have taken quite a liking to me, as she personally gave me a nickname and invited me to her daily snack gatherings.
Her ability to procure high-end confections that aren't easily obtainable during the brief moments she meets with her guarantor showed the composure befitting an heir to a powerful family of a nation.

"Why does big sister Arcadia call me D?"

Honestly, it's a bit awkward.
It reminds me of a D grade, which is kind of annoying.
Due to the Academy's structure being closer to a university than a high school, I can't help but be concerned.

"It seems unfair that such a cute child has 'Ork' attached to her name. I worry people won't appreciate Oknodie's cuteness."
"Ah, I see."
"Do you dislike being called D?"

How could I say I dislike it when she's looking at me with such a visibly disappointed face?
Gosh, she's seriously too cute.

"I-I don't dislike it."
"D~! Even your shy side is just so adorable."

I can't think straight with her hugging me tightly, rubbing her cheeks against mine like I'm a doll, and that sweet scent of her skin.

"Oh my. It's hot. Please stop hugging me."
"Gasp! D is rejecting me..."

She pretends to be heartbroken and makes sobbing sounds, but it's all an act.
She keeps glancing at me expectantly, hoping to see me flustered.
If that's what she expects, it's only natural to give her what she wants.

"Are you crying, big sister? You're not really crying, right?"
"This big sister is so sad because D rejected my hand... sob sob."

Isabel gave me a look from behind that said, "She's being so dramatic."
As expected of an adventurer, Isabel is quick-witted and sees right through my act.

"Miss Arcadia. Oknodie is using this opportunity to stuff cookies in her mouth."
"Oh no, how could you tell on me like that!"

A fan smacked the back of my hand as I was stuffing food into my cheeks like a chipmunk.

"Ouch!"
"Oknodie. I taught you not to stuff food into your cheeks to the point of looking unseemly at the tea table."

While it's nice to be able to eat rare snacks to my heart's content, my rootless big sister Arcadia is strict when it comes to etiquette.
Though she mixes the latest trends from all directions like a hodgepodge with her rootless taste, this too stems from her desire to be acknowledged by others.
As a noble without roots, Arcadia paid attention to etiquette so as not to be looked down upon by nobles from other countries.

'Is hugging your tea table companion and rubbing cheeks also permitted in noble etiquette?'

I don't think so.
But I should turn a blind eye since I might not be invited to these snack gatherings next time if I don't make a good impression whenever I get the chance.
The result of my social efforts during the one-week waiting period before the entrance ceremony, at the noon tea table.
In exchange for the fan mark on the back of my hand, I gained cookbook collection progress and a full stomach.

[Rare dish <Eustacio's Sugar Craft-Rose> has been added to your Cooking Book.]

━━━
Dessert Collection 30 types - <Sweet Body Fluid> function acquired.

Rare dish [Eustacio's Sugar Craft-Rose] collection - Spirit Contract Success Rate increased by 10%.
━━━

[Your understanding of <Arcadia> has increased.]

━━━
Arcadia's Understanding
Rootless Fashion (Understanding 10) - If you add good things to good things, wouldn't it be better?
Child Lover (Understanding 20) - She absolutely adores cute children.
Inferiority Complex (Understanding 30) - The princess of the Kingdom of Florence, which lacks its own culture, is strict about etiquette to hide her insecurities.
━━━

[<Arcadia>'s affection has exceeded 20.]
[You are already enjoying the 1st special benefit <Arcadia's Tea Party>.]
[The rate of increase for Arcadia's affection has increased.]

[Your understanding of <Arcadia> has exceeded 25.]
[You have acquired the connection function <Empathy - Arcadia>.]
[You have become sensitive to Arcadia's emotional changes.]

Behold the power of social skills.
I wasn't just mindlessly flattering while crumpling my veteran player dignity for nothing!


* *


While drinking a cup of tea to digest the snacks.
Isabel brought up a topic.

"Miss Arcadia. I appreciate you being fond of Oknodie, but I wish you would pay more attention to the Western Noble Association's activities."
"Ah. You mean the B Group central noble students?"
"Conflicts between groups are gradually increasing as central nobles move into the B Group dormitory."

The one-week preparation period given before the entrance ceremony.
Conflicts between A Group frontier students and B Group imperial students have started to emerge in facilities such as the freshman dormitory, dining hall, training ground, garden, and external walking paths.
This is a precursor to a major event that begins around this time in the original game.

'The Empire has many high-tier talents.'

But they also have many who've eaten rudeness for breakfast.
The frontier is generally inferior in tier.
Even the Northern Grand Duchess Irene, who was most notable for her combat power, only maintained Tier 1 (11th-15th place) in the overall popularity tier, and Xing from the Eastern Empire only maintained Tier 1.5 (16th-20th place).
Most of the Tier 0 (1st-5th place) or Tier 0.5 (6th-10th place) overpowered characters are concentrated in the B Group Empire.
In this game where popularity tends to be proportional to performance, popularity rankings cannot be ignored.

'When conflicts arise, eight times out of ten, the Empire tramples the frontier. At least until an incident occurs.'

The problem is that the incident plunges the reputation of the chapter boss <Hestia> into the abyss.
If I intervene to keep Hestia from getting involved in the incident, the imperial guys will act too recklessly, but if I leave it alone, I risk triggering a dangerous flag that would accelerate Hestia's transformation into a chapter boss.

"The Western Noble Association has been discussing this continuously. They're wondering if we upper-class freshmen should take the lead in standing up to the Empire."
"The meeting didn't go well, I see."
"That's because the people of the Empire possess powerful weapons that we don't have."

They're not literally weapons made of blades.
Weapons with too high lethality don't even get <Possession Permits>.
But the weapons that the imperial people possess are even more dangerous than blades in that they intimidate the frontier people despite not having edges.

"Mana Tempering Method and Mana Cultivation Method."

The Mana Tempering Method that physically trains mana.
The Mana Cultivation Method that mentally trains mana.
With the power of these two overpowered advanced functions, imperial nobles possess high-quality mana and excel as early-game powerhouses.
It's extremely difficult for those from the frontier to withstand that competition.
Most drop out midway.

'For now, they're just watching each other cautiously because they don't clearly know each other's abilities yet.'

As I was picking up a stat stone hidden near the dormitory security post and worrying about whether Arcadia was doing well, I noticed a crowd of students gathered in front of the dining hall.
I had an ominous feeling when I heard shouting from a distance, and sure enough, something had happened.

"If you've finished exercising, you should change into your uniform, not try to use public facilities in such a barbaric, vulgar outfit with exposed skin!"
"Don't be so harsh! We've already asked and checked with the instructors. Uniforms are recommended, not mandatory. And apologize! We're not vulgar."
"Apologize~? If tank tops with exposed shoulders and dolphin pants showing your thighs aren't vulgar, then what is?"

An argument between A Group freshmen trying to use the dining hall in light clothing after exercise and B Group freshmen who found their appearance distasteful!

<Group Competition (1) Event>
The casual A Group versus the strict B Group.
You witness an argument stemming from the difference in values between the two groups.
This is an opportunity as many people are watching uncomfortably.
Either support your frontier friends and strengthen your bonds,
Or support the imperial nobles and gain their favor.
Take the side of the faction you want to befriend!

Supporting A Group means siding with frontier students.
Supporting B Group means siding with imperial students.
Affection levels with individuals from different factions will change.
Group events require special attention as one decision can change the affection of hundreds or thousands of people.
...That said, people usually take the B Group's side.

'The imperial students' tier is higher after all.'

According to popularity polls where performance and popularity are proportional, 96% of players support the B Group Empire.
If 100 people play the game, 96 support the Empire.
I was no different when I was a male character.
Besides tier, there's also a difference in fetishes.

-We're not defending the Empire. We're defending pantyhose.
-Dolphin pants OUT! Pantyhose ON!
-We imperial faction players unanimously support female students wearing pantyhose.

4% support frontier female students who wear tank tops, sleeveless shirts, or vests with dolphin pants or hot pants, embracing a culture comfortable with skin exposure.
96% support imperial female students who wear pantyhose with uniforms or full-body tights, avoiding skin exposure.
Honestly, even I can see why the 96% would win.
Pantyhose and full-body tights VS dolphin pants or hot pants.
In terms of aesthetic appeal, the former clearly wins.
If functionality is lacking, at least add appeal.
Compared to the imperial faction that conquered performance, popularity, and fan service, the meager dolphin pants faction is too weak and fragile, like a handful of crumbs that would blow away in the wind.
For most players, the frontier faction was treated like DLC content, a DLC faction supported by multi-playthrough players who had done everything in the Empire and wanted to enjoy more content.

And I'm a veteran player.
One who has already enjoyed all the frontier content.

'Female students should obviously wear pantyhose!'

As I was following the behinds of B Group imperial female students who understood the aesthetics of concealment, a female student who had been arguing loudly called out.

"Oknodie! Help us out!"
"Ah."

The A Group female students wearing dolphin pants called out.
Isabel, who had come to the dining hall after finishing her exercise, was among them.

'Aaah! Why such a great trial!'

Dolphin pants + Chef VS Pantyhose.
I faced the greatest trial of my life.