# 31 - The Value of Outdoor Cooking

One by one, my companions touched Oknodie who was wearing the hat.
The only one who became desperate was Yui.

"No!"

[Examinee <Gisele> has escaped the game of tag.]

"I-I'll give you more money, as much as you want!"

[Examinee <Son O-cheon> has escaped the game of tag.]

"Don't leave me behind!"

[Examinee <Isabel> has escaped the game of tag.]

My companions escaped one after another.
Beside them, Rockfell, that NTR victim who bowed his head in gratitude, lightly touched my shoulder.

[Examinee <Rockfell> has escaped the game of tag.]

NTR perpetrator Yui, whose paralysis had worn off, came running belatedly.
Mocking her, I touched myself.

[Examinee <Oknodie> has escaped the game of tag.]

"Wait!"
"No thanks~"

[You have removed the black hat.]
[You have lost the Black Hat Instructor qualification (one-time use).]

Poof!
The hat scattered into the air.
Along with it, Yui's wicked intentions and dreams of passing scattered as well.

"This is revenge for Dorothy."
"Why are you doing this! I never did anything to harm any of you. You could have just closed your eyes and taken money from that country bumpkin!"
"You know, if I'm going to attend the Academy anyway, I'd prefer to have kind classmates rather than mean ones."

In short, justice has been served.

[You have completed the Betrayal Event.]
[You were not bribed by Yui.]
[As a reward, Rockfell's affection toward you has increased.]

I pretty much expected that kind of reward.
But what would a little girl who's not even 19 do with affection points from a male character?
Above all, I'm a man.
Even if my body is a little girl's, building affection with a man and doing... that sort of thing.
It's horrifying just to imagine!

"Thanks for helping me. But I..."
"You're going to save Dorothy, right?"

Rockfell bowed his head.

"I know I have no right to say this after receiving your help. It might sound shameless, but if you could postpone my repayment just a little longer..."
"It's fine."
"...Are you serious? If you need the help of the one called 'Beast of the Gale' Rockfell in my home forest..."
"What nonsense are you talking about when you couldn't even protect your own woman? You're the weakest one here."
"...You're right. What meaning would there be in me talking about strength when I couldn't even protect my friend."
"If you understand, then hurry up and go."
"Thank you. I won't forget this kindness."

He doesn't even know where Dorothy is, and he might be attacked by other examinees on the way.
It's uncertain whether Rockfell will safely pass the exam and be able to repay the kindness.

"Little mouse, aren't you being too generous?"
"It's fine. It's up to Dorothy whether to forgive him or not anyway."

Rockfell is the type of person who will dig himself into a hole of depression and despair even if left alone.
If I can use Rockfell to make Yui, who would have succeeded in marrying up in the original story, suffer even a little more, I can let him go to this extent.
It feels like I'm taking the Rockfell NTR route, but I can just not give him any affection, right?

'Neither I nor Dorothy have any intention of accepting a guy like that anyway.'

There's another reason too.

"We all have plenty of points anyway, right?"

[Ticket Watch Points]
<Oknodie 82 points>
<Gisele 72 points>
<Son O-cheon 72 points>
<Isabel 72 points>

Everyone has exceeded the minimum passing score of 50 points.
We've all escaped the constraints of the tag game.
There's no need to wrestle with petty criminals in this situation!

"What are we having for dinner?"
"Grilled mushrooms."
"With butter."

Gisele took out butter from his magic backpack.
I've decided.
If I'm going to date a man, Gisele is my first choice.


* * *


Northern Archduchess Irene.
She was different from the dime-a-dozen noble ladies.

"Ouch, it hurts. Boo-hoo. The thorns on the ground are too painful."
"Don't lean against the trees either. The bark is prickly and it'll tear your clothes too."
"Waaah. I don't want to enter the advanced class. Can't I just forfeit and go to the lower class?"

Walking, running, resting, breathing.
Even doing just that much made these noble ladies complain.
Irene sighed at their childish behavior.
No wonder rumors circulated every year about whether there was a female quota system.
Did their families buy them tickets?
It seemed like such a waste of money.
How many fur coats could that money have provided for the soldiers freezing in the north, or how many well-forged new swords could have replaced their chipped old ones?

"Um, Archduchess Irene. Aren't you hungry?"
"...Don't worry about me."

One somewhat perceptive noble lady, trying to imitate Irene who was sitting on a rock with her cloak spread beneath her, laid out a blanket on a nearby rock to rest and spoke to her.
She seemed eager to follow along and gather food too, but unfortunately, Irene had already brought her own provisions.

<Type A Military Rations>

A taste-destroying weapon in food form, with absolutely no consideration for flavor, designed solely to pack maximum calories into a small size.
She moistened the visibly unappetizing ration with her saliva, then crunched it down when she couldn't bear it anymore.

"Aaah! I'll give you my emergency food, so please don't eat such a terrible meal!"
"I'll just accept your goodwill."
"Don't say that, please accept it! It's painful even for me to watch you eat with that 'eating just to survive' expression!"

How could she know if this was a disguised attempt at poisoning her?
Irene didn't trust people easily.
The shock had been too great when the villagers who had offered her a meal in a pioneer village in Northland, the so-called cursed land, turned out to be dirty cult followers.
Though she was lucky enough to survive, she lost half of her subordinates from that experience, and since then, she never easily trusted kindness offered by others.
She had personally learned that tasteless Type A military rations were better than delicious feast dishes laced with poison.
Of course, she didn't believe these naive noble ladies had that kind of intelligence, but due to her trauma, she couldn't carelessly eat food given by others.

'I'm used to tasteless food anyway. And it's not like others are eating anything delicious either.'

The children of noble families would probably carry emergency food named after their family as provisions, but they wouldn't have eaten such precious items already.
Wanting to save them as much as possible, they'd probably be awkwardly picking and eating unknown herbs or berries found in the forest.

Bitter dandelion leaves.
Stinging nettle leaves with sharp thorns.
Buckthorn berries that cause diarrhea.
Unbearably astringent nutmeg berries.

It was quite absurd to see them carefully selecting and sharing these notoriously bad-tasting items among themselves.
Her effort to memorize species that didn't grow in the north, just in case, seemed almost admirable now.
Those noble ladies would have been better off studying how to identify delicious leaves and berries instead of this month's spring fashion or popular dances at social gatherings.

'The military rations aren't so bad in comparison.'

As Irene was consoling herself with that thought, an irresistibly tantalizing smell reached her nostrils.

Sniff, sniff

Following the scent silently as if entranced, she heard the sound of something grilling.

Sizzle

Mushrooms.
And with the added aroma of savory butter.

'This is cheating!'

While some people were eating these tasteless military rations, others were enjoying mushroom dishes that smelled amazing from the start!
She felt so unfair that tears almost welled up, but she forced herself to hold them back, tensing her eyes.
As the Northern Archduchess, she couldn't lower herself to begging for food.

"Archduchess Irene...? Did you come because you wanted some mushrooms?"

The noble lady who had been observing Irene's every move asked with an incredulous expression.
Though she had thought she didn't care about others' gazes, she felt embarrassed at being caught like this and tried to play it off.

"I was merely trying to see which competitor had succeeded in securing food."
"Ah... As expected, you're amazing, Archduchess. Everyone else just came because they were hungry. There's really no comparison between those driven by base instincts and the rational Archduchess!"

This girl, does she have the makings of a sycophant?
She has a talent for saying flattering things.

"Then I suppose you won't need any, Archduchess!"
"...What do you mean?"
"Those people over there are buying grilled mushrooms with money."
"!!"
"The team with the noble girl isn't selling because they're short on money, but probably to avoid giving the impression that they're being charitable to other noble examinees, so they're reluctantly charging a fee?"
"Such a thing..."
"Anyway, since you won't be eating any, it doesn't matter to you!"
"...Here, eat this."

Irene took out another Type A emergency ration from her magic backpack and handed it over.

"A-Archduchess...! To even provide food for me, I'm truly touched!"

She just wanted to let this mean girl who verbally blocked her from eating grilled mushrooms experience the same pain.
Of course, the noble lady who had observed how unpleasantly Irene ate her emergency rations had not the slightest intention of opening hers.
Perhaps after being stranded and starving for about a week, when her vision started to blur, she might find the courage to try it.

"Oh? Look, one of the children from the mushroom-grilling team is coming over."

Without military service experience, one wouldn't have heard of or experienced the infamy of Type A military rations.
For some reason, the youngest examinee Oknodie, with her small stature, approached with an expression that seemed to ask how anyone could eat such a terrible thing.
The cute blonde child took out candy from her pocket.

Snatch.

And what appeared to be her companions, a woman and a monkey demi-human, rushed over in alarm, grabbed Oknodie's arm and mouth, and quickly dragged her away.

"That's so mean... the child was just going to give me candy..."
'How petty.'

Irene felt unfairly upset.
Though she had a policy of not eating food given by others.
She felt displeased, as if something had been snatched away just after being offered.