# 165 - Our Baby Doesn't Bite People

On my way back to the dormitory.
Professor Sadako sits across from me, molding the unconscious Dorothy's head with her hands.
She probably thinks she's helping her student, but from what I've seen, Dorothy has woken up from her unconscious state twice during the trip, seen Professor Sadako, and promptly passed out again.
Maybe we should separate them.
While I was thinking this, the professor, perhaps bored with just fixing Dorothy's hair, spoke first.

"How did you feel about seeing Poppy?"
"Who's Poppy?"
"The tree."

So that was the name she gave to the tree.
I wish she wouldn't name chapter bosses like they're pet puppies she keeps at home.

"Isn't that name too weak? People might get confused and think it's safe to approach."
"Our Poppy doesn't bite people."

...Yes it does!
That thing kills tons of people!
I desperately wanted to argue, but I kept my mouth shut in case she actually took me to the tree claiming it really doesn't bite. What if the professor made me stick my hand into a knothole in the tree, and Poppy, resentful about its torn branches, suddenly clamped the hole shut? My precious hand would be chomped to bits while I sobbed with tears and snot running down my face, and Professor Sadako would pull out a healing potion and say:

"What's wrong?"

...Even if the professor is wrong, pointing it out requires courage and sacrifice to endure such a disaster!
In situations like this, I needed sophisticated tact rather than directly telling the professor she was wrong.

"Doesn't Poppy eat cursed waste?"
"...Yes."
"What happens if you can't take care of the forest?"
"It would wander around looking for food."
"Wouldn't that put other people in danger?"

I'm not saying you're wrong, but please realize that a hungry Poppy could cause accidents!
At the very least, put a leash on it!
My desperate plea seemed to work as Professor Sadako realized what I was worried about.

"I don't starve it that long. Not if I'm not interfered with."
"Who would interfere with you when that dangerous mon... monster plant Poppy might harm people?"
"The other professors."

Phew.
"Monster plant Poppy" must have been the safe word.
Good thing I didn't call it a monster bastard.

"Huh? Other professors interfere?"
"Imperial professors dislike professors from the frontier."

Oh? Come to think of it, could this be...?
Now I understand.
Professor Sadako retires after the first semester of the second year without special intervention.
Sometimes she retires even earlier, from the second semester of the first year.
If the professor disappears, Poppy, who's lost its feeder, will search more actively for food.
Instead of cursed waste, it will follow living creatures to fill its stomach, and once it catches them with its branches, it will torture them to make them scream enough to satisfy its hunger.
It's the kind of gruesome behavior that could make a whole gore film, doing terrible things to animals or people.
In other words, Professor Sadako's retirement triggers the appearance of the Chapter 4 boss.

"If you retire from your Academy professorship, what will you do with Poppy?"

I asked just to confirm, in case I was mistaken.
Professor Sadako fell into serious contemplation.

"...Poppy is my pet cursed tree that comforts my loneliness."
"You'll take it with you, right?"
"It's school policy. In my position of leaving the Academy, I can't take Academy property with me..."

So that means...?

"...I'll have to say goodbye. Telling it to grow strong."

So that's why!!
The Death Field attacks that start during the second-year summer vacation, where people start dying in droves, happen because the tree is trying to grow stronger for the professor's revenge!!
Even veteran players didn't know this truth about the chapter boss.
This means Professor Sadako absolutely cannot retire!
I need to attend her lectures diligently and take care of her so she doesn't retire, or else her cute pet will someday become a monster forest that even I can't handle.

"I'll take your class next semester too."
"...That's a good idea."
"And in the first and second semesters of the second year too!"

Professor Sadako seemed a bit pleased.

"So... what did you collect in that sack?"
"Secret!! It's a secret!!!"
"...I see."

Professor Sadako turned her head away.
Her good mood didn't last long.
She seems a bit upset.
She won't quit the Academy because of this, right?
...She really won't, right?!

[You have safely disembarked from Professor Sadako's skeleton carriage.]
[Boldness experience +10]
[Willpower experience +5]
[Social life experience +5]

After trembling with anxiety for quite some time, I finally arrived at the dormitory.


* *


"Waah."

The baby mandrake floating around in the nutrient solution I recently changed waved one of its tiny roots in greeting.

"No. This is for making a ring. Shoo, shoo."
"..."

I dumped out all the materials from the sack onto the floor.
I placed the cursed branches and cursed items that would be dangerous if kept too long on the magic circle, then created a darkroom using a blackout curtain stolen from the drama club.

"Waah?"

Peeping.
I could see the baby mandrake's tiny branches swaying its head this way and that following the light beyond the tent, but now wasn't the time to play with the baby.
As promised with Xing, I need to properly manage the ghost in the ring so it doesn't wander around without a leash and harm people like Poppy.

"Oh. I forgot this."

As I was busy drawing the magic circle, I remembered an ingredient I'd forgotten.
Magic circles are used to invoke magical effects beyond a sorcerer's abilities by utilizing the circle's effects and output assistance, but the medium used to draw the magic circle is also important.
Magic circles made with chalk, animal blood, or metal powder all have different auxiliary effects.
Chalk has low cost and is stable.
It's convenient for instant magic circles.
Animal blood is commonly used in sacrificial alchemy magic circles.
Metal powder is frequently used in material synthesis creation magic circles.
There are also specialized materials for curses, but branches are offerings for the magic circle, not materials to make it.
What I need is black ink.

'Black is the symbol of curses!'

Magic circles made with pitch-black ink like Zuang's hair color work well with curses.
Restraint, range limitation, and ghost binding to the ring are all classified as curses.
The school store sells stationery, but they only have low-grade ink for undergraduates.
High-grade ink can be found in professors' research labs.
But breaking into a professor's lab is too scary.
I need to compromise with reality and find medium-grade ink that's neither low nor high quality.
After compromising with reality, I decided to raid the calligraphy club's ink pots.

Tiptoeing quietly.
Clatter, clatter.

While sneaking into the club area and rummaging through the calligraphy club's cabinets, I suddenly heard a sliding door open.

"!!"

I need to hide!
I quickly dove into the cabinet I was searching, and as soon as I did, the lights came on and I heard footsteps.

"Oh my. Takeshi. What are you doing in the club room? The president will be angry."
"Who cares? The dormitories have gender restrictions. The club is the only place we can enjoy ourselves freely. The president is such a goody-two-shoes, she'll never come at this hour."
"Hehe. Where are you touching? Takeshi, you're so naughty♡"

The couple suddenly created a lovey-dovey atmosphere, making kissing sounds.
At this rate, I'd be trapped in the cabinet, forced to listen to the couple enjoying their happy time.
Damn it.
Lucky bastard.
Why does only Takeshi get to do sexy things with girls!
As I trembled with ugly jealousy, I felt a gaze from inside the cabinet.

"Fake ghost?"

The fake ghosts borrowing Lin's face crouched next to me in the darkness of the cabinet, tilting their heads as if asking what I was doing here.

"I can't get out because of those people. Could you scare them away for me?"

I whispered softly, but the fake Lin just stared at me blankly with that expressionless face devoid of ghostly emotions.
Sighing at the absurdity of bringing a ghost along, I noticed the fake Lin had silently disappeared into the darkness.

"Takeshi. I told you that area is off-limits."
"Huh? I haven't touched anything yet."
"Liar. You just touched me."
"Look. I'm holding the chair here."
"T-then who just touched me?!"

The mood between the couple suddenly turned awkward.

"L-let's go."
"Y-yeah."

The couple hurriedly left the club room.
As I crawled out of the cabinet, I saw the fake Lin playing with a white, thread-like liquid on its fingers, stretching it and squeezing it like a child playing with clay.

"What did you touch?"
"..."

When fake Lin's gaze turned toward my skirt, I suddenly felt a rush of shame.

"You pervert ghost! N-not there!"

The fake Lin wiped the liquid on its hands onto the chair and silently disappeared back into the ring.

[You have released the ghost to repel the couple.]
[Hiding experience +1]
[Scaring experience +1]

"..."

That fake ghost imitating Xing's sister.
I'm grateful for the help, but it's somehow scary.

'Should I hide it somewhere other than my ring?'

What if the ghost comes out while I'm sleeping and does weird things!