<174 - Not Easy>

Boom... CRASH!

"Kyaaah!"
"Ugh, uwaaaaah!!"

The entire ceiling collapsed, crushing the students running down the corridor.

"This is... severe."

Even Professor Sadako, who had the most intense demeanor of anyone, said as much—Oknodie's nightmare was an absolute disaster.

"It's all your fault. I told you so many times. If I fail here, I'll have no place in the association. Don't throw me out. But you threw me out anyway, which means you don't care if I die. If you don't respect my life, why should I respect yours?!"

A woman in a lab coat with disheveled hair shouted as she staggered forward unsteadily.
Following her cries, the mana board in her hand vibrated, arbitrarily twisting the walls, ceiling, and the entire academy structure.
Isabel's face turned pale at the sight of the remains of students who had failed to escape flowing through the gaps between walls.

"She's completely insane. Professor, what's that woman doing?"
"...A student who failed to advance."

Professor Sadako immediately understood the student's situation.

"At the academy, not everyone advances a grade just because a year passes. Without earning credits, promotion is impossible. The higher the grade, the harder it becomes to qualify for credits."
"So in third year, not everyone can earn credits just by attending lectures?"
"...Even in first year, that's impossible. Only for those with significantly low scores requiring retaking courses. The hurdle rises in second year. Third year is even higher."

Isabel cut off Son O-cheon's question.

"Look over there. It's Oknodie again."

This was the third nightmare they'd witnessed with the academy as its backdrop.
Oknodie, clutching a small glowing stone to her chest, struggled to walk toward the deranged student.

Crackle, crackle!

Small steps moving forward, guided by the faint light emitted from the stone.
Unable to tolerate even that, the woman in the lab coat glared and shouted while gripping her mana board.

"Don't come any closer!! Even if you're a child, I won't spare you. If you don't want to die, get out now."
"This, this... is the Philosopher's Stone that big sister was working so hard to develop. I came to return it..."
"That thing is useless now! A stone left incomplete without research budget or facilities can only be sold as a weapon. The Philosopher's Stone I created to solve food shortages was used to develop weapons that destroyed my country. I don't even want to look at such a thing anymore!!"

The setting was too specific to be a simple nightmare.
As the milky-white stone Oknodie was holding emitted an even stronger light, another stone rose from the lab coat woman's mana board and vibrated.
Though much murkier and more corrupted than Oknodie's incomplete Philosopher's Stone, it was still incomplete.
But that stone had found its purpose.
As an "Amplification Stone" that amplified the ability to destroy and break things.

"You can start your research again... ugh. You can destroy the weapons you created yourself..."
"You're trying to sweet-talk me into stopping my attack so you can steal my mana board. I won't fall for it!"
"Ah..."

Crack.
The small stone developed a fracture.
Shatter.
It split in half.
Facing the increasingly frenzied woman, Oknodie hung her head.

"This is wrong. It's too late. This isn't my specialty."

The pressure now turned toward Oknodie herself.
Thrown against the wall with a thud as if hit by a strong gust, the broken stone fell from Oknodie's hand.
Barely holding on with the help of the half-broken incomplete Philosopher's Stone, Oknodie now held a dagger in her hand.

"I have to kill her. Then I can escape. But if I kill her, I won't get the reward. I can't end this like a good girl. That would be... losing. After everything I've been through, I can't lose."

Blood flowed from her head, which had cracked against the wall.
Despite wincing in pain, she pointed the dagger—not at her opponent, but at her own throat.

"So, let's start over."
"Oknodie!!"
"Little mouse!!"

Before Isabel and Son O-cheon could stop her, Oknodie took her own life.
As her eyes glazed over, the world turned pitch black as if covered by a dark curtain.
Then the academy grounds appeared again.

"What... this nightmare is too much..."
"A nightmare that doesn't end even with death. Little mouse, have you been suffering from such severe nightmares...?"

There had been no signs of this during the entrance exam when they slept together in the forest.
She was fine then, but was she experiencing this because of the curse now?
Or had the nightmares she already experienced worsened because of the curse?

'I had no idea. Not even a fraction of it.'

Blood formed on Son O-cheon's rock-crushing hands.
Meanwhile, another cycle began.
In the dream, a new nightmare was starting.

"Ah... I should have done this earlier. I should have burned everything down. More. More... from much earlier."

Despite her chilling laughter, Rojini, a magician from the Red Magic Tower, set fire to the grounds, turning them into a fiery hell.
Her once chubby cheeks from her first year had completely disappeared, leaving not maturity or adulthood, but only empty despair.

"That child is an acquaintance of Oknodie's. I remember Oknodie giggling about how a fire-attribute student entered the 'Basics and Understanding of Mana Usage' lecture taught by a grass-attribute professor, saying she would set the professor's mental state on fire."

Isabel felt like she was going to lose her mind.
She couldn't bear to watch anymore.

"Professor, do we still have to wait?"
"That's enough now."

Professor Sadako sensed it.
Oknodie had passed the halfway point of the curse.
She had endured half of that vicious curse alone.
Watching Oknodie's compulsive struggle was painful, but it provided a hint.
The implicit agreement between Oknodie and the curse to end this nightmare.
The solution Oknodie feared most, which the curse had discovered.

"There are two methods. One is to kill all the friends rampaging in Oknodie's nightmare."
"We can't do that!"
"Little mouse didn't want to do that either, which is why she took her own life, right?"
"If we indulge Oknodie's stubbornness, her energy will be completely drained, and she might die in reality too. As her energy decreases, her strength to resist the nightmare weakens."
"That's..."
"We're here."

Son O-cheon showed a will as hot as fire in his eyes, no less intense than the red magician's.

"If Oknodie gets tired, we can defeat them instead. Shamans can do it, right? Intervening in dreams."
"My class isn't shaman, but... I can do something similar. Just remember, the level of this nightmare is not ordinary—it's chilling even to me as a teacher."

From the beginning, these weren't disasters that ordinary students could cause.
They were closer to high-level magical disasters that could cause dozens, or even up to a thousand casualties if they actually occurred at the academy.

'This isn't an implausible recreation.'

The information about the academy's internal facilities.
The methods and aftermath of magical outbursts or magical disasters caused by students with various abilities.
Everything achieved perfect realism based on understanding and analysis of all types of power.

'While Professor Destroyer and my undead were digging up information from the foundation, had the foundation already obtained such in-depth information about the academy?'

This wasn't information that could be crammed in a day or two.
Knowledge, principles, logic, spatial plans, three-dimensional formulas, contemplation of power principles, philosophical thinking.
Oknodie's information was so elaborate that it was frightening to even estimate how much effort and time had been invested.

'It's been a while. The thought that I can still get goosebumps even in a lion's body.'

This was the first time she had felt fear since her first encounter with the Dragon Principal.
But merely being afraid would make it impossible to save Oknodie.

"You said you're prepared, but if things go wrong, you might become lost in the nightmare. Still want to try?"
"I shook off all my fears when I entered this place."
"What we fear is a future where we fail to save Little Mouse."

What good friends.
A smile appeared on Professor Sadako's lips.
The bonds of friendship, unrusted by the weight of time, were this strong.

"Good. Then from now on, I'll 'visualize' your existence. Both Oknodie and the beings in the nightmare will recognize us. Be thoroughly prepared."

The second method to save Oknodie.
Instead of killing the problematic students, find a way to calm their outbursts.
For some reason, Oknodie always knew that method too.
Whether it worked or not.
She always took some action.
With means, information, and items that even the rampaging students had to respond to.
Oknodie and the foundation's information gathering was chilling, but this time, that meticulous information gathering helped in reverse.

Crunch, crunch

Facing Rojini who was burning students, Oknodie appeared again, this time wearing special gloves and holding a white stone.
Relying on special gloves to handle the cruel cold that would freeze its owner just by possession, she took one difficult step after another. In front of her, Professor Sadako snapped her fingers.

Snap.

I have to do this somehow.
Oknodie, who had been walking with gritted teeth out of a sense of duty, widened her eyes.

"Isabel? Son O-cheon? Even Professor Sadako? The three of you shouldn't be here..."

Am I seeing things?
Son O-cheon reached out his hand to the confused Oknodie.

"If it's hard, say it's hard, Little Mouse. Stop suffering alone and making us worry."

A hand touched Oknodie's cheek as she stared blankly at his outstretched hand.
Large fingers pinched her doughy cheeks as she looked up with a blank expression.

"Ugyagyak! It hurts! It huuurts!!"
"Are you awake? Are you awake? Are you awake?"
"I am! I aaaam!"

Isabel supported Oknodie's arm as tears were squeezed out.

"Oknodie."
"Ugh. Even Isabel has such a scary expression..."
"Do you know how worried we were?"
"I'm sorry..."
"I'll hear the details later. For now, let's just focus on getting out of here."

She wasn't alone.
With her two companions plus Professor Sadako joining in, Oknodie, who had looked so pitiful and on the verge of collapse, regained her usual vitality.

"By the way, Professor Sadako. I have a question."
"What is it?"

Why did you appear here together?
Do you know something about me?
Did you learn something you shouldn't have?
Whatever sensitive question came up, she had to handle it calmly.
Otherwise, Oknodie herself might become hostile toward her friends and herself as a professor.
Firmly resolving not to waver or hesitate as she was responsible for everyone's lives, Professor Sadako tensed up in a way uncharacteristic for an undead beneath her long hair.
Oknodie asked her:

"If we solve this together, do we split the resistance by four?"
"...No. You get it all."
"Phew! Then I'll gratefully accept your help!"

Not easy.
This child's mental state.
The professor's tension rose for a different reason.