# 234 - Same Time, Different Experience

As soon as I got a spy, my first thought was about the existence of the other maid, Leape.

"Can I bring Leape to the Academy too? She's a maid too. What about Jonna?"
"If I may ask, what is your relationship with these individuals?"
"They're the butler and maid I trained with outside before entering the Academy!"
"That would be impossible."
"Tch. This spy is useless..."
"...While I cannot promise anything, I will try my best to meet your expectations."

Well, I don't really think it's going to happen.
As an elementary school student, I should throw this much of a tantrum.
My acting as a lonely child with such attention to detail is simply brilliant!

"Then do you know where the scholarship students on the list are right now?"
"That I can certainly help you with."

With April's help, my hunt for bullies began to accelerate.

[You have completed the challenge goal "Punishing Villains (2)"]
[You acquire 900 points.]

[You have completed the challenge goal "Punishing Villains (3)"]
[You acquire 1800 points.]

[You have completed the challenge goal "Punishing Villains (4)"]
[You acquire 2700 points.]

Following the challenge of punishing 3 bullies, I've now reached 9, 18, and 27!
It was worth controlling mosquitoes while hiding everywhere from bushes to behind trash cans and even rooftop fences.
I had planned to enjoy the sports festival efficiently by hunting for fewer points, but thanks to April, the search efficiency has improved so much that I'm actually earning more points.

'At this pace, I might even reach 36.'

This is already my personal best record.
Having successfully tormented a scholarship student sitting on a windowsill from the rooftop, I jumped back from the fence I was hanging on and landed safely on the roof.
Maybe I'll take my time finding the rest.

"Oknodie. What are you doing here?"
"Ah!"

Just as I let my guard down, a cynical voice came from atop the water tank.
Jigoku was looking down at me with a cigarette in hand.

"Did, did you see?"
"I saw everything."

I'm doomed...
Of all things, to be caught using mosquitoes to torment bullies.
If Jigoku reports me to the student council, I'll definitely be imprisoned in the Great Prison as a criminal caught in the act.
If all my crimes are revealed, I won't be next to Yumi in the second basement level prison, but will probably go down to the third floor.

"Could you please pretend you didn't see anything?"
"Why should I?"
"Please? Please?"

Jigoku stared at me intently.
Unlike the beginning of the semester when she would shoot guns into the air acting crazy, this calm silence felt even more ominous.
Her expression was unreadable.

"During summer vacation."
"Huh?"
"Promise to come visit my ship. Then I'll keep it a secret."

I really don't understand what she's thinking.
She's inviting me to a companion event at this timing?
I don't dislike it.
It's not a bad deal in terms of cost-effectiveness, with various maritime events from <Treasure Hunting> to <Ghost Ship Capture> and <Port Raid>.
I just feel uneasy.
Though I'd love to ask why, I should first get out of this situation.

"I will!"
"Good. Then you may go."

Only then did Jigoku let me leave.


* * *


The Academy rooftop.
Normally, she wouldn't dare go through the areas where second and third-year students attend classes to reach the rooftop, but during this sports festival week, some classrooms for upper-grade students were sealed with hammers, nails, and wooden boards for indoor activities, and some common facilities were opened.
It was a policy to naturally let students know that as they advance in grades, they can enjoy such facilities, and Jigoku used this as an opportunity to find a good place to smoke.
The top of the rooftop water tank was good for secretly smoking with its open view and lack of people, but since the facility was normally closed, it seemed difficult to visit again.

'I wonder if I can come here from second year. No, probably not. It's a bit much to pass through the third-year corridor to come up here.'

Jigoku, leisurely enjoying a puff of her cigarette, suddenly frowned.
Someone had come up to the rooftop.
She was about to hide her presence and stay alert when she realized it was someone she knew.
Jigoku couldn't believe her eyes.

'That kid... what has she been doing?'

Her uniform was a mess with dirt and grass stains, and her pantyhose had holes as if scratched by trees.
With an unfocused gaze staring at some unknown point, she fearlessly approached the rooftop fence, hung on it, and even stuck her head out.

'A suicide attempt!?'

She suddenly found herself witnessing something terrible.
Should she intervene?
She wanted to, but...
What if the girl was startled by her voice and fell?
She would plummet straight down.

'Please don't do anything stupid and come back down.'

She had no choice but to trust.
Trust in Oknodie's will to live.
As she watched anxiously for a while, she heard someone's scream from below.
Oknodie's hands gripped the fence tightly, and then she came back down to the rooftop floor.
Perhaps the painful scream someone let out had triggered a fear of suicide.

"Oknodie. What are you doing here?"
"Ah!"

Oknodie flinched with a very surprised expression.

"Did, did you see?"
"I saw everything."

The usually confident and bold kid couldn't look up and avoided eye contact.

"Could you please pretend you didn't see anything?"
"Why should I?"
"Please? Please?"

What happened to you?
Could it be... is there someone mistreating this child?
No, that can't be.
Oknodie is strong.
She's not the type to be bullied by others.
Thinking about it, why would this child stage a suicide?
Even if she really fell from that height, if she used dark mana, she would probably just get some scrapes from hitting the ground.
Looking again, she could understand the meaning of the traces.
The dirt on her clothes indicated a crawling posture.
The grass stains meant she had hidden in bushes.
Hanging on the rooftop fence was to look down over the railing.
All three actions had something in common.
Hiding.
Spying.
Actions done in secret to commit something.

'During the sports festival? Avoiding others' eyes? What is she trying to do?'

She herself was hiding to smoke cigarettes, but Oknodie wasn't smoking.
Despite hanging on the dangerous rooftop fence, she looked down over the railing where there was a risk of being seen by others.
The purpose was spying itself.

'So that's it!'

The realization struck like lightning.
Oknodie had been peeping.
At other students.
In a crawling position.
Hiding in bushes.
Hanging on the rooftop fence.
Secretly, avoiding everyone's gaze.
Somehow, she began to understand the child's feelings.

-Dirty villager, don't set foot in our festival!
-Did she steal something?
-Look at that kid. She's holding money.
-She must have stolen it from somewhere.
-If you don't want to get hit, hand over all your money now!

A poor village on the coast.
The day she first went to a festival with money earned from selling shellfish and fish.
Jigoku encountered the world's malice.
People judged her as a criminal.
They justified that crimes against criminals weren't really crimes.
No one protected her when her money was stolen on the street where she went to buy festival food.
To the villagers, she was just a dirty, unpleasant child who could commit crimes at any time.

'Tch. I recalled an unpleasant memory.'

She couldn't help but see her past self overlapping with this child.
If she can't enjoy the sports festival that everyone else is enjoying, it must be because she's conscious of people's gazes.
Because she's a child of the Foundation.
The whispers would never stop.
Those who are weak but love to slander others wouldn't miss such a good opportunity.
So Oknodie started hiding.
Wanting to play but unable to.
Wanting to mingle with people but being rejected by them.

"During summer vacation."
"Huh?"
"Promise to come visit my ship. Then I'll keep it a secret."

That was the reason for her proposal.
She wanted to show this child.
She wanted to tell her past self that overlapped with Oknodie.
That the festival you long for isn't all that great.
That she would take her there to experience it herself.

"I will!"

Cautiously, hesitantly.
She couldn't hide her bitter feelings as she watched Oknodie hurriedly descend the rooftop stairs, constantly looking around nervously.
The cigarette in her hand had already burned down to the filter, its ashes scattered.


* * *


"Oknodie. Where have you been playing today?"
"Here and there!"
"I've been looking for you all day. Couldn't find you anywhere."

When dinner time came, Oknodie met Isabel, Son O-cheon, and Gisele in front of the cafeteria.
Watching her cheerfully chatting with her senior classmates, April picked up her pen.

━━━
Request for Support
During the sports festival, due to unexplained concentrated crackdowns, many scholarship students have failed their missions and sustained injuries.
Additional personnel reinforcement is requested to respond to strengthened surveillance of internal operations within the school.
Request for deployment of combat maids as additional personnel and butler-level managers to the Academy site.
In particular, urgent personnel reinforcement is needed to protect top scholarship student Oknodie, who is likely to be checked by the hero.
━━━

Oknodie, among her companions, smiles and chatters with a bright expression.
She doesn't seem to dislike it, but she probably hasn't formed the same bond as with the personal butler and maid who trained and grew up with her.
To April's eyes, Oknodie, who had spent all day defeating the plots of dozens of scholarship students and was now pretending to be a "good child" while mingling with her companions despite her battered body, somehow looked sad.
What she did today was completely different from what they did.
Though in the same space, they don't share the same memories.
It might be the same for the remaining four days until the sports festival ends on Friday.

'If I could bring her butler and maid to the Academy, she might be a little happier.'

She did use the hero's name, but the Foundation wouldn't move without something like this.
Sometimes, a bit of bluff or exaggeration is necessary for reasonable business processing.
And so, April's support request was transmitted to the Wiheomhae Foundation headquarters.