# 29 - The Taste of Trust

I was lucky.
If all four of us had been tagged as "it," we would have spent quite a bit of time searching for runners despite having a good strategy. But on our team, only one person was tagged.

"Are you really okay with this?"
"It's fine. I was at 0 points anyway."

That would be me.

"Little mouse. Why are you such a good kid? I thought all youngsters these days were weak-willed. Sometimes you need to look out for yourself to make life easier, you fool."
"Like how you look after the 'Baby flower deer'?"
"......"

Hmph. No matter how much you tease me, you brought this on yourself.
You say you tormented me with a headlock first?

"Still, our strategy was for all four of us to gather as many points as possible before escaping. We need to help Oknodie find the runners."
"Ha. And how do we do that? Everyone's avoiding contact with each other. How are we supposed to know who the runners are?"

Conscious of the tag game sub-task, the examinees who were already wary of each other for points have now completely disappeared, to the point where they won't even make eye contact.

[Thanks to your rich hiding experience, you've found the hiding spot <Under the Big Rock>.]
[Observation experience +1]

[You've found the familiar hiding place <Up in a Tree>.]
[Observation experience +1]

[You've discovered an examinee cleverly disguised as a bush.]
[Observation experience +1]

I walked straight toward the bush.
The examinee disguised as a bush flinched.

"Ahem~ Hmm~"
"Miss Oknodie. What are you doing there?"
"Just checking if there might be some berries."

So are you a runner or "it"?
To test the waters, I casually rustled my arm wearing the ticket watch in the bush right next to them.

Thump. Thump.

I could hear their heartbeat clearly.
A determined look appeared in the eyes of the examinee disguised as a bush.

"Yah!"
"Missed me, didn't you?"
"Gasp, Miss Oknodie!"
"Um... should I stop this?"
"Let's just watch for now."

The attacker had cleverly stuck pieces of cut bush into the seams of their leather armor to disguise themselves as a bush.
It was a good idea.
The execution wasn't bad either.
They probably avoided those who seemed dangerous with their camouflage and pounced on those who seemed easy targets.
But with that level of skill, it wouldn't work against someone with good instincts like me.

"You knew from the beginning, didn't you?"
"The way you swayed in the wind was different from everything else."
"Argh, how frustrating. To think that I, a forest keeper, would have my disguise seen through by such a young child."
"Your disguise wasn't bad. I'm just better."
"This is a first. Someone who could see through my disguise so perfectly. Would you accept a handshake?"

The bush woman grinned and extended her hand.
As I shook her hand, she exclaimed excitedly.

"Heheh! You fool. I saw you all enter for the third sub-task earlier. A handshake is also a type of 'touch.' You're 'it' now!"
"Pfft. Are you stupid, sister? What's the point of 'it' catching 'it'?"
"Whaaaat?!"

"It" steals points from runners.
The true identity of the <runner> here is the <Black Hat Instructor>.
When an examinee touches another examinee, it's like "it" touching "it."
A hidden rule not explicitly stated.
The same rule applies in this case.

[Score before change]
<Dorothy -82 points>
<Oknodie -25 points>

[Score after change]
<Dorothy -107 points>
<Oknodie 0 points>

Even when "it" touches "it," points are stolen.
But if the points being stolen were already negative, the negative just increases.

"Aaaah! What is this!"
"Pfft~ You're such a fool!"
"This is cheating! How can you walk around so casually with other examinees when you're 'it'!"
"Because we're teammates?"
"Teammates? What makes you trust they won't betray you without the secure interests and credit of a noble alliance or mercenary union?"
"Do teammates need a reason to trust each other?"

These people are all fools and pushovers.
Even if there was betrayal, I'd be the one doing it first. Would Gisele, Son O-cheon, or Isabel betray me first?
That would never happen!
Dorothy looked genuinely envious at my confident answer.

"Sigh... I've completely lost. To be able to trust people that much. I'm envious. I wish my teammates had been as nice as yours."
"Did you have teammates too, Dorothy?"
"I was betrayed. The one who was 'it' touched me saying they didn't need a forest keeper anymore, then ran away with the others. They said I should be grateful they didn't tear up my ticket watch."

That's quite unfair.

"We'd been friends since our hometown, so I trusted them, but this is what happened."
"That's too bad."
"So be careful. Your teammates seem to come from different backgrounds. If even hometown friends can betray you, there's no guarantee strangers won't."

For those three people, I don't have such worries, but I appreciate the advice.
There's no reason to harbor ill feelings toward someone giving good advice with good intentions.

"Those traitors. Where did they go?"
"That way. A man and woman pair, really nasty ones. If you're going to catch one, I'd prefer it to be the man."
"Why?"
"He's my hometown friend. The woman is the daughter of a merchant who comes to buy fur from our forest. She's a nice girl who helped us on adventures. I'm sure she's being dragged around by that idiot against her will."
"...A merchant?"

Among the characters from merchant backgrounds, one high-frequency character came to mind.
Well, I'll know when I see them!

"I'll remember that. Then as a return favor, here's a bonus for you."

I whispered in Dorothy's ear.

"Go back the way you came and look for the Black Hat Instructor near the entrance."
"!"
"If you don't give up and luck is on your side, you'll definitely find a way to pass somehow."
"...How can I trust that's true?"
"I've just given you information. How you use it is up to you to decide."

There's no reason for me to be this generous.
Dorothy is already close to confirmed elimination, and helping her won't benefit me in any way.
But Dorothy's situation moved my heart.

'I don't dislike people who try hard.'

The "shortcuts" for dealing with veteran players' events are all byproducts of effort and research found after countless trials and errors.
Dorothy didn't give up on the exam even after experiencing the shock of being betrayed and abandoned by her hometown friend.
I respected that kind of tenacity.

*Bow*

Dorothy bowed her head and headed toward the entrance.
Gisele showed curiosity.

"Is the instructor really at the entrance?"
"Yes."
"Your intelligence gathering is impressive."
"This much is basic!"
"Hehe. It seems I'll need to work much harder to be of help to Miss Oknodie."

Isabel also spoke.

"Good child."
"Then give me a snack!"
"Want to know what snack adventurers like to eat?"
"I want to know!"
"When it's hard to find food in forests like this, we sometimes pick up and eat black ants."

Ew. Ants?

"The acidic liquid called formic acid has a sour taste, and the acid produced by small ones is quite tasty in moderation."
"You're lying!"
"It's true. But don't eat ants bigger than your index finger. The acid becomes too strong. It's also dangerous. If you're going to eat one, this size is just right."

Isabel picked up an ant with her finger and held it out to me.

"Isn't that too barbaric?"
"Hahaha. Has our employer been raised too delicately? In nature, you eat whatever you can."
"Has Uncle O-cheon eaten ants too?"
"Only until I was 3. After that, I grew too big and no matter how many I ate, I couldn't get full."
"Huh. So everyone eats them."

I closed my eyes tight and put Isabel's finger in my mouth.
It tasted strange, like a tangy candy.

"It seems a bit salty too?"
"That's the taste of sweat from my finger."

Isabel withdrew her hand, looking embarrassed.

"Ah! It's sour! I know this taste!"
"Didn't you say you've never eaten ants before?"
"It tastes like blue candy!"
"...I see..."
"Want some? This one also has an interesting taste if you roll it around in your mouth."
"I'll just take the thought."

Son O-cheon and Gisele, who had been poking the ground with their fingers saying they wanted to try eating ants again after a long time, stood up with solemn faces.

"Let's get going now."
"Right. Ants really don't fill you up."
"Huh? Can't we eat more before we go?"

I don't think the cooking book collection judgment has appeared yet.
If I collect formic acid and process it all at once, would it somehow be judged as "cooking"?

"Let's quickly go somewhere with proper ingredients."
"I'm also worried about Miss Oknodie's score."

I put aside my experimental urge for now.
If they're hurrying for my sake, not someone else's, I can't help it.

[You've tracked the path of the leading group.]
[Tracking experience +1]

Large-scale traces so obvious that observation wasn't necessary.
The footprints of the examiners and the leading group who skipped the third sub-task were visible.
Dorothy's indicated direction was mixed in with these, but there were too many overlapping footprints to find traces of Dorothy's teammates.

'What a shame.'

Instead, I found another interesting trace.
A fork in the road appeared.
The swamp direction was the path to take the fourth sub-task.
The flat direction was the path following the examiners.
While many people had attempted the sub-task at the third challenge, this time most of the remaining leading group headed toward the swamp.
It was a case of examinees who couldn't bear the pressure of scores finally taking action.

"Another sub-task. Little mouse, want to try it?"
"No!"
"Even though your penalty points were reset once, wouldn't more points be better?"

I'll say it again, points aren't the issue in this forest.
There's a more important matter.

"There are lots of mosquitoes in the swamp."
"How much do you hate mosquitoes?"
"Ah. I also think that's a wise decision."

Isabel understood my intention.

"You might be proud of your thick skin, but if it weren't for Oknodie, you'd have suffered badly."
"Me? Because of mere mosquitoes?"
"In humid swamps within forests, mosquitoes gather in hundreds or thousands. Didn't you know that because there were no such swamps in the forest where you lived?"
"That gives me the creeps. Is that place hell?"
"Something like that. Plus, when they bite you, mosquitoes that have grown by feeding on the swamp's decaying gases evolve into disease-carrying mosquitoes, and their bites can cause illness or poisoning."

Gisele suddenly turned to look at me.

"Resistance training..."

At those words, Son O-cheon and Isabel's eyes also showed agitation.

"This time I'll carry you on my back. Quickly get on, Miss Oknodie."
"Wow, really?"
"I'll be the guide."
"Oh, well then, I'll handle the heavy lifting."

For some reason, our teamwork suddenly improved dramatically.

"Rather than examinees who challenged the tag game taking on another task and increasing their risk, they'll probably follow the examiners at this point to identify the destination and take a rest."
"Ah, that sounds like a good idea! As expected, Gisele, you're quite smart for a late student!"
"...Consider yourself lucky that I'm carrying you on my back. I don't have a free hand to give you a knock on the head, so I'll let it slide just this once."

Seeing how quickly we moved away from the swamp at full speed, I felt almost sorry for Dorothy because of how reliable my team was.