<0 - Prologue>

I was obsessed with rerolling.
The emergency escape button marathon: forcibly opening the capsule to end the game and restart the tutorial reset.
The device warns me every time that I could die if something goes wrong, and the news talks about it too, but honestly, it sounds like a lie.
Why?
Because I've already done it over ten thousand times.

"Hey, are you crazy?! You'll really die doing that!"
"It's fine, I won't die."
"Geez, you lunatic. When you actually die, your tombstone will literally say 'It's fine, I won't die.'"
"So what?"
"You'd be better off addicted to adult games than risking your life rerolling in some RNG-dependent trash game."

My childhood friend spat out these not-quite-curses while clicking her tongue.
But really, it's fine.

"Let's say the rerolling is one thing. If you at least played female characters, I'd think you had some healthy sexual desire. Why do you always play those sweaty muscular male characters? Are you gay or something?"
"What are you talking about? I'm not gay! I just got hooked on those one-shot burst damage builds. I don't care if it's not a male character as long as the DPS is good."
"But you only play male characters."
"That's because there's no better DPS build than this one."
"Reeeeally? So you'd be fine with a female character if the DPS was good? Even if she had no muscles, was super tiny, had pale skin, and acted all pitiful?"
"Of course!"

The interrogation-like questions continued endlessly as we emptied several bottles of alcohol.
Just like a girl to talk so much.
Maybe it was the alcohol, but a silly thought crossed my mind.
Could it be?
Was she worried about me because she liked me?
Just as I was getting full of myself, my friend said:

"Hey, I'll let you off if you sleep with me tonight!"
"Pass. I need to game."

So much for liking me.
Do all childhood friends have to like each other?
We can just drink together and talk about games in a wholesome way.
She's just drunk-talking.

"Text me when you get home, Sia."

After nicely putting her in a taxi, I went home and turned on my capsule.
I knew it was a green light, but what was the point?
Even if we dated, I wouldn't have money for dates.
I'll just play games.

Bzzzzt!

As soon as I turned on the capsule with a careless attitude, a spark flew.
The electrocution from the capsule malfunction I'd feared!

'Ah... so this is death.'

It was too late for regrets.
The terrible pain of electrocution coursing through my entire body.

"...You brought this on yourself. I clearly gave you a chance."

They say your life flashes before your eyes when you're about to die.
But instead, I heard the voice of my childhood friend Sia.
Maybe I should have dated her after all?
The regret was brief.
Soon, my consciousness switched off.


* *


And then I opened my eyes in another world like a damn fool.

<Tutorial Event>
You've set out for the Capital with dreams of success to enter the Academy! A letter from your father has arrived at your inn room.
What gift has your father prepared for you? Open the letter to find out!

I'm not really complaining.
I died while gaming, so waking up in a game world?
As a hardcore gamer, I'm actually grateful.

Squish

The feeling when I press my forearm with my fingers.
Soft white skin visible to the naked eye.
Hair so long it's cumbersome.
Even the unfamiliar female body is annoying, but I can tolerate it.
But there's just one thing that bothers me.

[To my daughter Oknodie]

The name written on the envelope was the problem.
In this world, the name is pronounced Oknodie and written as Oknodie.
I didn't notice at first, but looking again, I realized.
A phrase that habitually came to mind.
It's fine, I won't die.
Ok no die.
It was a slightly irritating name for someone who had just died and woken up in a game world.